---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Document/fullscreenElement
---





The`**Document.fullscreenElement**`read-only property returns the[`Element`]8678 "Element is the most general base class from which all objects in a Document inherit. It only has methods and properties common to all kinds of elements. More specific classes inherit from Element.")that is currently being presented in full-screen mode in this document, or`null`if full-screen mode is not currently in use.



Although this property is read-only, it will not throw if it is modified (even in strict mode); the setter is a no-operation and it will be ignored.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var element = document.fullscreenElement;
```


On return, element is the[`element`]8678 "Element is the most general base class from which all objects in a Document inherit. It only has methods and properties common to all kinds of elements. More specific classes inherit from Element.")that is currently in full-screen mode, or`null`if full-screen mode isn&#39;t currently in use by the document.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
function isVideoInFullscreen() {
  if (document.fullscreenElement && document.fullscreenElement.nodeName == 'VIDEO') {
    console.log('Your video is playing in fullscreen');
  }
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Fullscreen API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Document.fullscreenElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]25803 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Specification"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")
 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using full-screen mode]25804 "en/DOM/Using full-screen mode")
* [`Element.requestFullscreen()`]25805 "The Element.requestFullscreen() method issues an asynchronous request to make the element be displayed full-screen.")
* [`Document.exitFullscreen()`]24632 "The Document.exitFullscreen() is a method that takes the document out of full-screen mode; this is used to reverse the effects of a call to make an element in the document full-screen using its Element.requestFullscreen() method.")
* [`Document.fullscreen`]24633 "The Document.fullscreen read-only property reports whether or not the document is currently displaying content in fullscreen mode.")
* [`Document.fullscreenElement`]24634 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`:fullscreen`]24635 "The :fullscreen CSS pseudo-class represents an element that's displayed when the browser is in fullscreen mode.")
* `[allowfullscreen]24627 "")`



## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [API]22815 "")
* [Document]25806 "")
* [Fullscreen API]24637 "")
* [Property]22824 "")
* [Read-only]23600 "")
* [Reference]22199 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[jpmedley]22826 ""),[fscholz]22202 ""),[chrisdavidmills]22892 ""),[jabcreations]25807 ""),[atpc]25808 ""),[shivarajnaidu]25809 ""),[Sebastianz]22203 ""),[teoli]22366 ""),[khanalom]25810 ""),[MHasan]25811 ""),[cvrebert]24393 ""),[kscarfone]22505 ""),[Reachmeatshivam]22507 ""),[Sheppy]22371 ""),[ziyunfei]22375 ""),[ernestd]25812 "")
**Last updated by:**[jpmedley]22826 ""),<time>Apr 10, 2018, 7:04:51 PM</time>


