---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin-inline-end
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%30856#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`margin-inline-end`**[CSS]427 "CSS")property defines the logical inline end margin of an element, which maps to a physical margin depending on the element&#39;s writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. In other words, it corresponds to the[`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."),[`margin-right`]30851 "The margin-right CSS property sets the margin area on the right side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."),[`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")or[`margin-left`]30853 "The margin-left CSS property sets the margin area on the left side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")property depending on the values defined for[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow."), and[`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.").


```
/* <length> values */
margin-inline-end: 10px;   /* An absolute length */
margin-inline-end: 1em;    /* relative to the text size */
margin-inline-end: 5%;     /* relative to the nearest block container's width */

/* Keyword values */
margin-inline-end: auto;

/* Global values */
margin-inline-end: inherit;
margin-inline-end: initial;
margin-inline-end: unset;
```


It relates to[`margin-block-start`]30854 "The margin-block-start CSS property defines the logical block start margin of an element, which maps to a physical margin depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation."),[`margin-block-end`]30849 "The margin-block-end CSS property defines the logical block end margin of an element, which maps to a physical margin depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation."), and[`margin-inline-start`]30855 "The margin-inline-start CSS property defines the logical inline start margin of an element, which maps to a physical margin depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, or margin-left property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."), which define the other margins of the element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `0` 
Applies to | same as[`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left.") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | depends on layout model 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | if specified as a length, the corresponding absolute length; if specified as a percentage, the specified value; otherwise,`auto` 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>


The`margin-inline-end`property takes the same values as the[`margin-left`]30853 "The margin-left CSS property sets the margin area on the left side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")property.


### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'margin-left'>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div>
  <p class="exampleText">Example text</p>
</div>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
div {
  background-color: yellow;
  width: 120px;
  height: 120px;
}

.exampleText {
  writing-mode: vertical-lr;
  margin-inline-end: 20px;
  background-color: #c8c800;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin-inline-end$samples/Example?revision=1319174' width='140' height='140'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;margin-inline-end&#39; in that specification.</small>]30881 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`margin-inline-start`]30855 "The margin-inline-start CSS property defines the logical inline start margin of an element, which maps to a physical margin depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, or margin-left property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation.")
* The mapped physical properties:[`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."),[`margin-right`]30851 "The margin-right CSS property sets the margin area on the right side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."),[`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."), and[`margin-left`]30853 "The margin-left CSS property sets the margin area on the left side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")
* [`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow."),[`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.")



