---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Document/loadOverlay
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26303 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26304 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




**Deprecated since Gecko 60 (Firefox 60 / Thunderbird 60 / SeaMonkey 2.57)**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%9041#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





The**`loadOverlay()`**method loads a[XUL overlay]9043 "")and merges it with the current document, notifying an observer when the merge is complete.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
document.loadOverlay(url, observer);
```
<dl><dt id=''>url</dt><dd>A string containing the absolute URL of the overlay to load.</dd><dt id=''>observer</dt><dd>An object implementing`[nsIObserver]26306 "")`that will be notified with a message of topic &quot;xul-overlay-merged&quot; when the merge is complete, or`null`if no observer is needed. The`subject`parameter of`observe`will implement`[nsIURI]26307 "")`and will contain the URI of the merged overlay.</dd></dl>
## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>


This API is not frozen and may change later.



Subsequent`document.loadOverlay`calls do not work[bug 330458]26308 "Cannot dynamically load an overlay using document.loadOverlay until a previous overlay is completely loaded"). You have to rely on observers to queue subsequent overlay loads.



Loading an overlay with the same URI twice is not currently supported, although it may work sometimes. There&#39;s a comment in`nsXULDocument::LoadOverlay`to that effect.

**Note:**Starting in Firefox 3.5, overlays that include[`script`]26309 "")elements that import their code from anything other than`chrome:`URLs will fail to import the scripts; this is a fix for a security issue.

## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Defined in[nsIDOMXULDocument.idl]26310 ""). XUL-specific method. Not part of any specification.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[valtlai]12279 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[MHasan]6763 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Reachmeatshivam]16537 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[ethertank]65 ""),[trevorh]13010 ""),[ziyunfei]61 ""),[q0k]26311 ""),[Jürgen Jeka]12870 ""),[Mgjbot]296 ""),[Waldo]22753 ""),[Nickolay]6761 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>May 24, 2018, 6:30:18 PM</time>


