---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-hyphenate-limit-zone
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The`**-ms-hyphenate-limit-zone**`[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")specifying the width of the hyphenation zone.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `0` 
Applies to | block container elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Percentages | calculated with respect to the width of the line box 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>

An integer followed by a percent sign (%), which specifies the width of the hyphenation zone, calculated with respect to the line box.



Negative values are not allowed.

</dd><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>

A floating-point number, followed by a relative units designator, that indicates the width of the hyphenation zone. For more information about supported length units, see[CSS basic data types]27786 "").



Negative values are not allowed.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  <percentage> | <length>

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


The`-ms-hyphenate-limit-zone`property enables you to control the amount of trailing whitespace permitted during hyphenation. The hyphenation zone is always at the logical right side of the padding box.



A word is considered for hyphenation only if it begins at or outside of the logical left limit of the hyphenation zone.




