---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scrollbar-darkshadow-color
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-scrollbar-darkshadow-color`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies the color of a scroll bar&#39;s gutter.


[Initial value]28552 "") | depends on user agent 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")</dt><dd>

The color of the scroll bar&#39;s gutter.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  <color>where <color> = <rgb()> | <rgba()> | <hsl()> | <hsla()> | <hex-color> | <named-color> | currentcolor | <deprecated-system-color>where <rgb()> = rgb( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<rgba()> = rgba( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<hsl()> = hsl( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )<hsla()> = hsla( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )where <alpha-value> = <number> | <percentage><hue> = <number> | <angle>

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following example shows how to create a style rule that sets the`-ms-scrollbar-darkshadow-color`property for a[`<textarea>`]25792 "The HTML <textarea> element represents a multi-line plain-text editing control.")element.



**Code example:**[http://samples.msdn.microsoft.com/workshop/samples/author/dhtml/refs/scrollbarColor.htm]37308 "")


```
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html>
<head>
  <title>scrollbar-darkshadow-color</title>
  <style>
    .BlueShadow {
      scrollbar-darkshadow-color: blue;
    }
  </style>
</head>
<body>
  <textarea class="BlueShadow">The gutter elements in the scroll bar for this element will be blue.</textarea>
</body>
</html>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


Supported in Windows Internet Explorer 8+. The`-ms-scrollbar-darkshadow-color`attribute is an extension to CSS, and can be used as a synonym for`scrollbar-darkshadow-color`in IE8 Standards mode.



The gutter is the space between the track and the bottom and right edges of the scroll box and scroll arrows of the scroll bar. The`-ms-scrollbar-darkshadow-color`appears outside the[`-ms-scrollbar-shadow-color`]33361 "The -ms-scrollbar-shadow-color CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the color of the bottom and right edges of the scroll box and scroll arrows of a scroll bar."). The track is the element of a scroll bar on which the scroll box can slide either up and down or left and right. The scroll box is the square box within a scroll bar that can be moved either up and down or left and right on a track to change the position of the content on the screen. The scroll arrows, located at each end of a scroll bar, are the square buttons containing the arrows that move the content on the screen in small increments, either up and down or left and right.



This property applies to elements that display a scroll bar. CSS enables scrolling on all objects through the[`overflow`]33028 "The overflow CSS property specifies what to do when an element's content is too large to fit in its block formatting context. It is a shorthand for the overflow-x and overflow-y properties.")property. These objects are not listed in the*Applies To*list for this property.




