---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-overflow-style
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-overflow-style`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")controlling the behavior of scrollbars when the content of an element overflows.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The initial value. Same as`inherit`.</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>Scrollbars are never displayed, although the element can still be scrolled if the element&#39;s content overflows.</dd><dt id=''>`scrollbar`</dt><dd>&quot;Traditional&quot; scrollbars are displayed if the element&#39;s content overflows. &quot;Traditional&quot; scrollbars don&#39;t auto-hide and never overlap the element&#39;s content. Accordingly, the dimensions of the layout area for the content are reduced by the width (for vertical scrollbars) or height (for horizontal scrollbars) of the scrollbar(s).</dd><dt id=''>`-ms-autohiding-scrollbar`</dt><dd>Auto-hiding scrollbars are used if the element&#39;s content overflows. Auto-hiding scrollbars are displayed during scrolling or shortly after the pointer interacts with the page, and are hidden shortly after scrolling and pointer interaction stops. When they are visible, auto-hiding scrollbars overlap the element&#39;s content.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  auto | none | scrollbar | -ms-autohiding-scrollbar

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.




