---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-hyphenate-limit-lines
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-hyphenate-limit-lines`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")specifying the maximum number of consecutive lines in an element that may be ended with a hyphenated word.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `no-limit` 
Applies to | block container elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`no-limit`</dt><dd>

Indicates that hyphenation is not limited based on the number of consecutive hyphenated lines. In the flow above the consecutive hyphenated lines limit would be an infinitely large positive number.

</dd><dt id=''>[`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index.")</dt><dd>

Indicates the maximum number of successive hyphenated lines.



For instance, if 2, then no more than 2 successive lines may end with a hyphenated word. If 0 then no lines may end with a hyphenated word. (Hyphenation is effectively disabled.)



Negative values are not allowed.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  no-limit | <integer>

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.




