---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-ime-align
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-ime-align`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")aligning the Input Method Editor (IME) candidate window box relative to the element on which the IME composition is active. The extension is implemented in Microsoft Edge and Internet Explorer 11.



IME candidate lists are positioned on the screen with sufficient size to allow basic text input. In some cases, the IME may enforce a reasonable minimum size.



In the case of`-ms-ime-align: after`, an IME might adjust the candidate window and keyboard input behavior to provide a better user experience, such as using a horizontal candidate list and allowing some keys to be sent to the app for suggestion list navigation.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
-ms-ime-align: auto;
-ms-ime-align: after;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>Initial value. The IME may align the candidate window in any manner.</dd><dt id=''>`after`</dt><dd>The IME should attempt to align the candidate window below the element (in left-to-right and right-to-left layouts).</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  auto | after

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.




