---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-hyphenate-limit-chars
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-hyphenate-limit-chars`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies one to three values indicating the minimum number of characters in a hyphenated word. If the word does not meet the required minimum number of characters in the word, before the hyphen, or after the hyphen, then the word is not hyphenated.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>

Corresponds to a value of 5 2 2, indicating a 5-character word limit, 2 characters required before a hyphenation break, and 2 characters required following a hyphenation break.

</dd><dt id=''>[`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index."){1,3}</dt><dd>

One to three integer values, corresponding to the word limit, the minimum number of characters required before a hyphenation break, and the minimum number of characters required following a hyphenation break, respectively.



If the third value is missing it is equal to the second.



If the second and third values are missing they are given a value of auto.



Negative values are not allowed.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  auto | <integer>{1,3}

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.




