---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-moz-user-focus
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`-moz-user-focus`**[CSS]427 "")property is used to indicate whether an element can have the focus.


```
/* Keyword values */
-moz-user-focus: normal;
-moz-user-focus: ignore;

/* Global values */
-moz-user-focus: inherit;
-moz-user-focus: initial;
-moz-user-focus: unset;
```


By setting its value to`ignore`, you can disable focusing the element, which means that the user will not be able to activate the element. The element will be skipped in the tab sequence.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 

**Note:**This property doesn&#39;t work for XUL`[textbox]36485 "textbox")`elements, because the`textbox`itself never takes focus. Instead, XBL creates an anonymous HTML[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")element inside the`textbox`, and that element is what receives focus. You can stop the`textbox`from taking keyboard focus by setting its tab index to`-1`, and from taking mouse focus by preventing the default action of`mousedown`events.

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`ignore`</dt><dd>The element does not accept the keyboard focus and will be skipped in the tab order.</dd><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>The element can accept the keyboard focus.</dd><dt id=''>`select-after`</dt><dd>?</dd><dt id=''>`select-before`</dt><dd>?</dd><dt id=''>`select-menu`</dt><dd>?</dd><dt id=''>`select-same`</dt><dd>?</dd><dt id=''>`select-all`</dt><dd>?</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>?</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
ignore | normal | select-after | select-before | select-menu | select-same | select-all | none
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<input class="ignored" value="The user cannot focus on this element.">
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.ignored {
  -moz-user-focus: ignore;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This property is not part of any specification. A similar property,`user-focus`, was proposed in[early drafts of a predecessor of the CSS3 UI specification]36486 ""), but was rejected by the working group.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | No support | (Yes) | No support | No support | No support 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`-moz-user-input`]32970 "In Mozilla applications, -moz-user-input determines if an element will accept user input.")
* [`-moz-user-modify`]32971 "The -moz-user-modify property has no effect. It was originally planned to determine whether or not the content of an element can be edited by a user.")
* [`-moz-user-select`]33019 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")



