---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/src
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%30269 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%30270 "")版。</bdi>






The**`src`**CSS descriptor of the[`@font-face`](%26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule allows authors to specify fonts (online url(), and locally local()), to display text on their web pages. By allowing authors to provide their own fonts, @font-face eliminates the need to depend on the limited number of fonts users have installed on their computers. By allowing authors to access users fonts, @font-face eliminates the dependencies of having internet access, as well as downloading the font's resources locally. These seemingly contrasting options empower developers to take advantage of the users settings in order to provide a seamless typographical experience. The @font-face at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.")rule specifies the resource containing font data. It is required for the`@font-face`rule to be valid.



Its value is a prioritized, comma-separated list of external references or locally-installed font face names. When a font is needed the user agent iterates over the set of references listed using the first one it can successfully activate. Fonts containing invalid data or local font faces that are not found are ignored and the user agent loads the next font in the list.



As with other URLs in CSS, the URL may be relative, in which case it is resolved relative to the location of the style sheet containing the`@font-face`rule. In the case of SVG fonts, the URL points to an element within a document containing SVG font definitions. If the element reference is omitted, a reference to the first defined font is implied. Similarly, font container formats that can contain more than one font load only one of the fonts for a given`@font-face`rule. Fragment identifiers are used to indicate which font to load. If a container format lacks a defined fragment identifier scheme, a simple 1-based indexing scheme (e.g. &quot;font-collection#1&quot; for the first font, &quot;font-collection#2&quot; for the second font) is used.


Related[at-rule](%4443 "") | [`@font-face`](%26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule allows authors to specify fonts (online url(), and locally local()), to display text on their web pages. By allowing authors to provide their own fonts, @font-face eliminates the need to depend on the limited number of fonts users have installed on their computers. By allowing authors to access users fonts, @font-face eliminates the dependencies of having internet access, as well as downloading the font's resources locally. These seemingly contrasting options empower developers to take advantage of the users settings in order to provide a seamless typographical experience. The @font-face at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.") 
[Initial value](%28552 "") | `n/a (required)` 
Media | all 
[Computed value](%28556 "") | as specified 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* <url> values */
src: url(https://somewebsite.com/path/to/font.woff); /* absolute URL */
src: url(path/to/font.woff);                         /* relative URL */
src: url(path/to/font.woff) format("woff");          /* explicit format */
src: url('path/to/font.woff');                       /* quoted URL */
src: url(path/to/svgfont.svg#example);               /* fragment identifying font */

/* <font-face-name> values */
src: local(font);      /* unquoted name */
src: local(some font); /* name containing space */
src: local("font");    /* quoted name */

/* Multiple items */
src: local(font), url(path/to/font.svg) format("svg"),
    url(path/to/font.woff) format("woff"),
    url(path/to/font.otf) format("opentype");
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<url> [ format( <string># ) ]?`</dt><dd>Specifies an external reference consisting of a URL, followed by an optional hint using thefunction to describe the format of the font resource referenced by that URL. The format hint contains a comma-separated list of format strings that denote well-known font formats. If a user agent doesn&#39;t support the specified formats, it skips downloading the font resource. If no format hints are supplied, the font resource is always downloaded.</dd><dt id=''>`<font-face-name>`</dt><dd>Specifies the name of a locally-installed font face using thefunction, which uniquely identifies a single font face within a larger family. The name can optionally be enclosed in quotes.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <url> format(<string>#)? | local(<family-name>) ]#where <family-name> = <string> | <custom-ident>+
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
@font-face {
  font-family: examplefont;
  src: local(Example Font), url('examplefont.woff') format("woff"),
      url('examplefont.otf') format("opentype");
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;src&#39; in that specification.</small>](%30271 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>](%3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2.2 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



