---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Gamepad/displayId
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]27160 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]27161 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%11485#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`displayId`**read-only property of the[`Gamepad`]11649 "The Gamepad interface of the Gamepad API defines an individual gamepad or other controller, allowing access to information such as button presses, axis positions, and id.")interface<dfn>returns the[`VRDisplay.displayId`]27163 "The displayId read-only property of the VRDisplay interface returns an identifier for this particular VRDisplay, which is also used as an association point in the Gamepad API (see Gamepad.displayId).")of the associated[`VRDisplay`]19437 "The VRDisplay interface of the WebVR API represents any VR device supported by this API. It includes generic information such as device IDs and descriptions, as well as methods for starting to present a VR scene, retrieving eye parameters and display capabilities, and other important functionality.")— the`VRDisplay`that the gamepad is controlling the displayed scene of.</dfn>



A Gamepad is considered to be associated with a[`VRDisplay`]19437 "The VRDisplay interface of the WebVR API represents any VR device supported by this API. It includes generic information such as device IDs and descriptions, as well as methods for starting to present a VR scene, retrieving eye parameters and display capabilities, and other important functionality.")if it reports a pose that is in the same space as the[`VRDisplay.pose`]27164 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var myDisplayId = gamepadInstance.displayId;
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A number representing the associated[`VRDisplay.displayId`]27163 "The displayId read-only property of the VRDisplay interface returns an identifier for this particular VRDisplay, which is also used as an association point in the Gamepad API (see Gamepad.displayId)."). If the number is 0, then the gamepad is not associated with a VR display.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
window.addEventListener("gamepadconnected", function(e) {
  if(!e.gamepad.displayId) {
    console.log('Gamepad connected');
  } else {
    console.log('Gamepad connected, associated with VR display ' + e.gamepad.displayId);
  }
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebVR 1.1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;displayId&#39; in that specification.</small>]11507 "") | Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebVR API homepage]6396 "")
* [MozVr.com]11989 "")— demos, downloads, and other resources from the Mozilla VR team.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [displayId]27165 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Gamepad]11626 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Virtual Reality]11629 "")
* [VR]11630 "")
* [WebVR]11631 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Aug 24, 2017, 10:19:59 AM</time>


