---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Gamepad/buttons
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]27150 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]27151 "")版。</bdi>






The`**Gamepad.buttons**`property of the[`Gamepad`]11649 "The Gamepad interface of the Gamepad API defines an individual gamepad or other controller, allowing access to information such as button presses, axis positions, and id.")interface returns an array of[`gamepadButton`]27152 "The GamepadButton interface defines an individual button of a gamepad or other controller, allowing access to the current state of different types of buttons available on the control device.")objects representing the buttons present on the device.



Each entry in the array is 0 if the button is not pressed, and non-zero (typically 1.0) if the button is pressed. Each[`gamepadButton`]27152 "The GamepadButton interface defines an individual button of a gamepad or other controller, allowing access to the current state of different types of buttons available on the control device.")object has two properties:`pressed`and`value`:


* The`pressed`property is a boolean indicating whether the button is currently pressed (`true`) or unpressed (`false`).
* The`value`property is a floating point value used to enable representing analog buttons, such as the triggers on many modern gamepads. The values are normalized to the range 0.0 – 1.0, with 0.0 representing a button that is not pressed, and 1.0 representing a button that is fully pressed.

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
readonly    attribute GamepadButton[]     buttons;
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following code is taken from my Gamepad API button demo (you can[view the demo live]11577 ""), and[find the source code]11578 "")on Github.) Note the code fork — in Chrome[`Navigator.getGamepads`]27153 "The Navigator.getGamepads() method returns an array: the first value is null, and the others are all Gamepad objects, one for each gamepad connected to the device. So if no gamepads are connected, the method will just return null.")needs a`webkit`prefix and the button values are stores as an array of double values, whereas in Firefox[`Navigator.getGamepads`]27153 "The Navigator.getGamepads() method returns an array: the first value is null, and the others are all Gamepad objects, one for each gamepad connected to the device. So if no gamepads are connected, the method will just return null.")doesn&#39;t need a prefix, and the button values are stored as an array of[`GamepadButton`]27152 "The GamepadButton interface defines an individual button of a gamepad or other controller, allowing access to the current state of different types of buttons available on the control device.")objects; it is the[`GamepadButton.value`]27154 "The GamepadButton.value property of the GamepadButton interface returns a double value used to represent the current state of analog buttons on many modern gamepads, such as the triggers.")or[`GamepadButton.pressed`]27155 "The GamepadButton.pressed property of the GamepadButton interface returns a boolean indicating whether the button is currently pressed (true) or unpressed (false).")properties of these we need to access, depending on what type of buttons they are. In this simple example I&#39;ve just allowed either.


```
function gameLoop() {
  if(navigator.webkitGetGamepads) {
    var gp = navigator.webkitGetGamepads()[0];

    if(gp.buttons[0] == 1) {
      b--;
    } else if(gp.buttons[1] == 1) {
      a++;
    } else if(gp.buttons[2] == 1) {
      b++;
    } else if(gp.buttons[3] == 1) {
      a--;
    }
  } else {
    var gp = navigator.getGamepads()[0];

    if(gp.buttons[0].value > 0 || gp.buttons[0].pressed == true) {
      b--;
    } else if(gp.buttons[1].value > 0 || gp.buttons[1].pressed == true) {
      a++;
    } else if(gp.buttons[2].value > 0 || gp.buttons[2].pressed == true) {
      b++;
    } else if(gp.buttons[3].value > 0 || gp.buttons[3].pressed == true) {
      a--;
    }
  }

  ball.style.left = a*2 + "px";
  ball.style.top = b*2 + "px";

  var start = rAF(gameLoop);
};
```

## Value<a name="Value"></a>


An array of[`gamepadButton`]27152 "The GamepadButton interface defines an individual button of a gamepad or other controller, allowing access to the current state of different types of buttons available on the control device.")objects.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Gamepad<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Gamepad.buttons&#39; in that specification.</small>]27156 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


[Using the Gamepad API]11586 "")




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Gamepad API]27148 "")
* [Games]27149 "")
* [NeedsBetterSpecLink]7041 "")
* [NeedsCompatTable]6759 "")
* [NeedsMarkupWork]6810 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[jpmedley]3413 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[jpmedley]3413 ""),<time>Jan 11, 2018, 12:22:42 PM</time>


