---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-position-y
---





The**`background-position-y`**[CSS]427 "")property sets the initial vertical position, relative to the background position layer defined by[`background-origin`]32977 "The background-origin CSS property sets the background positioning area, i.e., the origin position of an image specified using the background-image property."), for each defined background image.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/background-position-y.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


The value of this property is overridden by any declaration of the[`background`]28694 "The background CSS property lets you adjust all background style options at once, including color, image, origin and size, repeat method, and other features.")or[`background-position`]30971 "The background-position CSS property sets the initial position, relative to the background position layer defined by background-origin, for each defined background image.")shorthand properties applied to the element after it.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
background-position-y: top;
background-position-y: center;
background-position-y: bottom;

/* <percentage> values */
background-position-y: 25%;

/* <length> values */
background-position-y: 0px;
background-position-y: 1cm;
background-position-y: 8em;

/* Side-relative values */
background-position-y: bottom 3px;
background-position-y: bottom 10%;

/* Multiple values */
background-position-y: 0px, center;

/* Global values */
background-position-y: inherit;
background-position-y: initial;
background-position-y: unset;
```


The`background-position-y`property is specified as one or more values, separated by commas.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`top`</dt><dd>Aligns the top edge of the background image with the top edge of the background position layer.</dd><dt id=''>`center`</dt><dd>Aligns the vertical center of the background image with the vertical center of the background position layer.</dd><dt id=''>`bottom`</dt><dd>Aligns the bottom edge of the background image with the bottom edge of the background position layer.</dd><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>The offset of the given background image&#39;s vertical edge from the corresponding background position layer&#39;s vertical edge. If no edge is given, it refers to the top edge.</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>The offset of the given background image&#39;s vertical edge from the corresponding background position layer&#39;s vertical edge relative to its height. If no edge is given, it refers to the top edge.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ center | [ top | bottom | y-start | y-end ]? <length-percentage>? ]#where <length-percentage> = <length> | <percentage>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Backgrounds and Borders Module Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;background-position-y&#39; in that specification.</small>]38429 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial specification of longhand sub-properties of[`background-position`]30971 "The background-position CSS property sets the initial position, relative to the background position layer defined by background-origin, for each defined background image.")to match longstanding implementations. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `top` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | refer to height of background positioning area minus height of background image 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | A list, each item consisting of: an offset given as a combination of an absolute length and a percentage, plus an origin keyword 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
Two-value syntax (support for offsets from any edge) | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`background-position`]30971 "The background-position CSS property sets the initial position, relative to the background position layer defined by background-origin, for each defined background image.")
* [`background-position-x`]35263 "The background-position-x CSS property sets the initial horizontal position, relative to the background position layer defined by background-origin, for each defined background image.")
* [`background-position-inline`]35265 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`background-position-block`]35266 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [Using multiple backgrounds]28614 "CSS/Multiple backgrounds")



