---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-moz-progress-bar
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`::-moz-progress-bar`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-element]3563 "")is a[Mozilla extension]28318 "")that represents the progress bar inside a[`<progress>`]36419 "The HTML <progress> element represents the completion progress of a task, typically displayed as a progress bar.")element. (The bar represents the amount of progress that has been made.)


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
::-moz-progress-bar
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<progress value="30" max="100">30%</progress>
<progress max="100">Indeterminate</progress>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
::-moz-progress-bar {
  background-color: red;
}

/* Force indeterminate bars to have zero width */
:indeterminate::-moz-progress-bar {
  width: 0;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-moz-progress-bar$samples/Examples?revision=1303117' width='null' height='null'></iframe>




The first bar from above should look like this:



![Custom styled progress bar]36872 "")


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<progress>`]36419 "The HTML <progress> element represents the completion progress of a task, typically displayed as a progress bar.")
* [`::-ms-fill`]33386 "The ::-ms-fill CSS pseudo-element represents the filled-in portion of a <progress> element. This pseudo-element is non-standard and specific to Internet Explorer 10+, hence the vendor prefix.")
* [`::-webkit-progress-bar`]33322 "The ::-webkit-progress-bar CSS pseudo-element represents the entire bar of a <progress> element. Normally it's only visible as the unfilled portion of the bar, since by default it's rendered below the ::-webkit-progress-value pseudo-element. It is a child of the ::-webkit-progress-inner-element pseudo-element and the parent of the ::-webkit-progress-value pseudo-element.")
* [`::-webkit-progress-value`]33324 "The ::-webkit-progress-value CSS pseudo-element represents the filled-in portion of the bar of a <progress> element. It is a child of the ::-webkit-progress-bar pseudo-element.")
* [`::-webkit-progress-inner-element`]33323 "The ::-webkit-progress-inner-element CSS pseudo-element represents the outermost container of the <progress> element. It is the parent of the ::-webkit-progress-bar pseudo-element.")



