---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-moz-placeholder
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%33067#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





**Note:**The`::-moz-placeholder`pseudo-element was introduced as a replacement for the[`:-moz-placeholder`]33066 "The :-moz-placeholder CSS pseudo-class is a Mozilla extension that represents any form element displaying placeholder text. This lets you customize the appearance of the placeholder text, which is a translucent gray color by default.")pseudo-class that was deprecated in Firefox 19. Since Firefox 51, this feature is also available as the standard[`::placeholder`]33705 "The ::placeholder CSS pseudo-element represents the placeholder text of a form element.")pseudo-element.




The**`::-moz-placeholder`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-element]3563 "")is a[Mozilla extension]28318 "")that represents any[form]35701 "")element displaying[placeholder text]31629 ""). This lets you customize the appearance of the placeholder text, which is a translucent gray color by default.


```
input::-moz-placeholder {
  color: blue;
}
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<input placeholder="Type something here!">
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
input::-moz-placeholder {
  color: red;
  font-style: italic;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-moz-placeholder$samples/Example?revision=1303063' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | ? | [19.0]4553 "Released on 2013-02-19.")(19.0)<sup>[1][2]</sup> | ? | ? | ? 





[1] Firefox applies a default style of`[`opacity`]31319 "The opacity CSS property specifies the level of transparency of an element, that is, the degree to which the content behind the element is visible."): 0.54`to placeholder text. See[bug 556145]35689 "FIXED: Placeholder text default style should use opacity instead of GrayText"). Most other major browsers don&#39;t currently share this particular default style for their placeholder text pseudo-elements or pseudo-classes.



[2] Before version 19, Gecko implemented this functionality with a pseudo-class[`:-moz-placeholder`]33066 "The :-moz-placeholder CSS pseudo-class is a Mozilla extension that represents any form element displaying placeholder text. This lets you customize the appearance of the placeholder text, which is a translucent gray color by default."). See[bug 737786]35691 "FIXED: Switch from :-moz-placeholder to ::-moz-placeholder (pseudo-class to pseudo-element)").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`:placeholder-shown`]36868 "The :placeholder-shown CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or <textarea> element that is currently displaying placeholder text.")
* [`::placeholder`]33705 "The ::placeholder CSS pseudo-element represents the placeholder text of a form element.")
* [`::-webkit-input-placeholder`]33315 "The non-standard proprietary ::-webkit-input-placeholder pseudo-element represents the placeholder text of a form element. This allows web developers and theme designers to customize the appearance of placeholder text. This pseudo-class is only supported by WebKit and Blink.")
* [`:-ms-input-placeholder`]35707 "The non-standard proprietary :-ms-input-placeholder pseudo-class represents the placeholder text of a form element. This allows web developers and theme designers to customize the appearance of placeholder text. This pseudo-class is only supported by Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge.")
* [Forms in HTML]31635 "")
* [`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")
* [`<textarea>`]25792 "The HTML <textarea> element represents a multi-line plain-text editing control.")



