---
manual:HTML
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]40091 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]37431 "")版。</bdi>






[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")elements of type`**&quot;text&quot;**`create basic single-line text fields.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/tabbed/input-text.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

**[Value](%38897#Value "")** | A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the text contained in the text field. 
**Events** | `[change]8758 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/change")`and`[input]8797 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/input")` 
**Supported Common Attributes** | `[autocomplete]39950 "")`,`[list]39951 "")`,`[maxlength]39952 "")`,`[minlength]39953 "")`,`[pattern]39954 "")`,`[placeholder]35699 "")`,`[required]38131 "")`, and`[size]39955 "")`. 
**IDL attributes** | `value` 
**Methods** | [`select()`]12705 "The HTMLInputElement.select() method selects all the text in a <textarea> element or an <input> element with a text field."),[`setRangeText()`]40061 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), and[`setSelectionRange()`]12707 "The HTMLInputElement.setSelectionRange() method sets the start and end positions of the current text selection in an <input> element."). 


## Value<a name="Value"></a>


The`[value]39956 "")`attribute is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that contains the current value of the text entered into the text field. You can retrieve this using the[`HTMLInputElement.value`]40062 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property in JavaScript.


```
let theText = myTextInput.value;
```


If no validation constraints are in place for the input (see[Validation](%38897#Validation "")for more details), the value may be an empty string (`""`).


## Using text inputs<a name="Using_text_inputs"></a>


`<input>`elements of type`text`create basic, single-line inputs. You should use them anywhere you want the user to enter a single-line value and there isn&#39;t a more specific input type available for collecting that value (for example, if it&#39;s a[date]39757 ""),[URL]39768 ""),[email]39758 ""), or[search term]39764 ""), you&#39;ve got better options available).


### Basic example<a name="Basic_example"></a>

```
<form>
  <div>
    <label for="uname">Choose a username: </label>
    <input type="text" id="uname" name="name">
  </div>
  <div>
    <button>Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>
```


This renders like so:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text$samples/Basic_example?revision=1392188' width='600' height='50'></iframe>




When submitted, the data name/value pair sent to the server will be`uname=Chris`(if &quot;Chris&quot; was entered as the input value before submission). You must remember to include`[name]40064 "")`attribute on the[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")element, otherwise the text field&#39;s value won&#39;t be included with the submitted data.


### Setting placeholders<a name="Setting_placeholders"></a>


You can provide a useful placeholder inside your text input that can provide a hint as to what to enter by including using the`[placeholder]35699 "")`attribute. Look at the following example:


```
<form>
  <div>
    <label for="uname">Choose a username: </label>
    <input type="text" id="uname" name="name"
           placeholder="Lower case, all one word">
  </div>
  <div>
    <button>Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>
```


You can see how the placeholder is rendered below:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text$samples/Setting_placeholders?revision=1392188' width='600' height='50'></iframe>




The placeholder is typically rendered in a lighter color than the element&#39;s foreground color, and automatically vanishes when the user begins to enter text into the field (or whenever the field has a value set programmatically by setting its`value`attribute.


### Physical input element size<a name="Physical_input_element_size"></a>


The physical size of the input box can be controlled using the`[size]39955 "")`attribute. With it, you can specify the number of characters the text input can display at a time. This affects the width of the element, letting you specify the width in terms of characters rather than pixels. In this example, for instance, the input is 30 characters wide:


```
<form>
  <div>
    <label for="uname">Choose a username: </label>
    <input type="text" id="uname" name="name"
           placeholder="Lower case, all one word"
           size="30">
  </div>
  <div>
    <button>Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text$samples/Physical_input_element_size?revision=1392188' width='600' height='50'></iframe>



## Validation<a name="Validation"></a>


`<input>`elements of type`text`have no automatic validation applied to them (since a basic text input needs to be capable of accepting any arbitrary string), but there are some client-side validation options available, which we&#39;ll discuss below.



**Note**: HTML form validation is*not*a substitute for server-scripts that ensure the entered data is in the proper format. It&#39;s far too easy for someone to make adjustments to the HTML that allow them to bypass the validation, or to remove it entirely. It&#39;s also possible for someone to simply bypass your HTML entirely and submit the data directly to your server. If your server-side code fails to validate the data it receives, disaster could strike when improperly-formatted data (or data which is too large, is of the wrong type, and so forth) is entered into your database.



### A note on styling<a name="A_note_on_styling"></a>


There are useful pseudo-classes available for styling form elements to help the user see when their values are valid or invalid. These are[`:valid`]34532 "The :valid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents validate successfully. This allows to easily make valid fields adopt an appearance that helps the user confirm that their data is formatted properly.")and[`:invalid`]34512 "The :invalid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents fail to validate."). In this section, we&#39;ll use the following CSS, which will place a check (tick) mark next to inputs containing valid values, and a cross (X) next to inputs containing invalid values.


```
div {
  margin-bottom: 10px;
  position: relative;
}

input + span {
  padding-right: 30px;
}

input:invalid+span:after {
  position: absolute; content: '✖';
  padding-left: 5px;
}

input:valid+span:after {
  position: absolute;
  content: '✓';
  padding-left: 5px;
}
```


The technique also requires a[`<span>`]13247 "The HTML <span> element is a generic inline container for phrasing content, which does not inherently represent anything. It can be used to group elements for styling purposes (using the class or id attributes), or because they share attribute values, such as lang.")element to be placed after the form element, which acts as a holder for the icons. This was necessary because some input types on some browsers don&#39;t display icons placed directly after them very well.


### Making input required<a name="Making_input_required"></a>


You can use the`[required]38131 "")`attribute as an easy way of making entering a value required before form submission is allowed:


```
<form>
  <div>
    <label for="uname">Choose a username: </label>
    <input type="text" id="uname" name="name" required>
    <span class="validity"></span>
  </div>
  <div>
    <button>Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>
```


This renders like so:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text$samples/Making_input_required?revision=1392188' width='600' height='70'></iframe>




If you try to submit the form with no search term entered into it, the browser will show an error message.


### Input value length<a name="Input_value_length"></a>


You can specify a minimum length (in characters) for the entered value using the`[minlength]39953 "")`attribute; similarly, use`[maxlength]39952 "")`to set the maximum length of the entered value, in characters.



The example below requires that the entered value be 4–8 characters in length.


```
<form>
  <div>
    <label for="uname">Choose a username: </label>
    <input type="text" id="uname" name="name" required size="10"
           placeholder="Username"
           minlength="4" maxlength="8">
    <span class="validity"></span>
  </div>
  <div>
    <button>Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>
```


This renders like so:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text$samples/Input_value_length?revision=1392188' width='600' height='70'></iframe>




If you try to submit the form with less than 4 characters, you&#39;ll be given an appropriate error message (which differs between browsers). If you try to enter more than 8 characters, the browser won&#39;t let you.



If you specify a`minlength`but do not specify`required`, the input is considered valid, since the user is not required to specify a value.



### Specifying a pattern<a name="Specifying_a_pattern"></a>


You can use the`[pattern]39954 "")`attribute to specify a regular expression that the inputted value must match in order to be considered valid (see[Validating against a regular expression]40068 "")for a simple crash course on using regular expressions to validate inputs).



The example below restricts the value to 4-8 characters and requires that it contain only lower-case letters.


```
<form>
  <div>
    <label for="uname">Choose a username: </label>
    <input type="text" id="uname" name="name" required size="45"
           pattern="[a-z]{4,8}">
    <span class="validity"></span>
    <p>Usernames must be lowercase and 4-8 characters in length.</p>
  </div>
  <div>
    <button>Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>
```


This renders like so:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/text$samples/Specifying_a_pattern?revision=1392188' width='600' height='110'></iframe>



## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


You can see good examples of text inputs used in context in our[Your first HTML form]40094 "")and[How to structure an HTML form]40095 "")articles.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;input type=&quot;text&quot;&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]40071 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 
[HTML 5.1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;input type=&quot;text&quot;&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]40072 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Basic support]40096 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [HTML Forms]35701 "")
* [`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")and the[`HTMLInputElement`]39989 "The HTMLInputElement interface provides special properties and methods for manipulating the layout and presentation of input elements.")interface it&#39;s based upon.
* `[&lt;input type=&quot;search&quot;&gt;]39764 "")`



