---
manual:HTML
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/reset
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]40046 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]39763 "")版。</bdi>






[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")elements of type**`"reset"`**are rendered as buttons, with a default`[click]359 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/click")`event handler that resets all of the inputs in the form to their initial values.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/tabbed/input-reset.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


You should usually avoid including reset buttons in your forms. They&#39;re rarely useful, and are instead more likely to frustrate users who click them by mistake (often while trying to click the[submit button]39765 "")).



**[Value](%38891#Value "")** | A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")used as the button&#39;s label 
**Events** | `[click]359 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/click")` 
**Supported common attributes** | `[type]27547 "")`and`[value]39956 "")` 
**IDL attributes** | `value` 
**Methods** | None 


## Value<a name="Value"></a>


An`<input type="reset">`element&#39;s`[value]39956 "")`attribute contains a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that is used as the button&#39;s label. Buttons such as`reset`don&#39;t have a value otherwise.


```
<input type="reset" value="Reset the form">
```



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/reset$samples/summary-example3?revision=1392175' width='650' height='30'></iframe>




If you don&#39;t specify a`value`, you get an button with the default label (typically &quot;Reset,&quot; but this will vary depending on the[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")):


```
<input type="reset">
```



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/reset$samples/summary-example1?revision=1392175' width='650' height='30'></iframe>



## Using reset buttons<a name="Using_reset_buttons"></a>


`<input type="reset">`buttons are used to reset forms. If you want to create a custom button and then customize the behaviour using JavaScript, you need to use`[&lt;input type=&quot;button&quot;&gt;]39753 "")`, or better still, a[`<button>`]23957 "The HTML <button> element represents a clickable button, which can be used in forms, or anywhere in a document that needs simple, standard button functionality.")element.


### A simple reset button<a name="A_simple_reset_button"></a>


We&#39;ll begin by creating a simple reset button:


```
<form> 
  <div>
    <label for="example">Type in some sample text</label>
    <input id="example" type="text">
  </div>
  <div>
    <input type="reset" value="Reset the form">
  </div>
</form>
```


This renders like so:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/reset$samples/A_simple_reset_button?revision=1392175' width='650' height='100'></iframe>




Try entering some text into the text field, and then pressing the reset button.


### Adding a reset keyboard shortcut<a name="Adding_a_reset_keyboard_shortcut"></a>


To add a keyboard shortcut to a submit button — just as you would with any[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")for which it makes sense — you use the`[accesskey]40048 "")`global attribute.



In this example,<kbd>r</kbd>is specified as the access key (you&#39;ll need to press<kbd>r</kbd>plus the particular modifier keys for your browser/OS combination; see`[accesskey]40048 "")`for a useful list of those).


```
<form>
  <div>
    <label for="example">Type in some sample text</label>
    <input id="example" type="text">
  </div>
  <div>
    <input type="reset" value="Reset the form"
     accesskey="r">
  </div>
</form>
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/reset$samples/Adding_a_reset_keyboard_shortcut?revision=1392175' width='650' height='100'></iframe>




The problem with the above example is that there&#39;s no way for the user to know what the access key is! This is especially true since the modifiers are typically non-standard to avoid conflicts. When building a site, be sure to provide this information in a way that doesn&#39;t interfere with the site design (for example by providing an easily accessible link that points to information on what the site access keys are). Adding a tooltip to the button (using the`[title]39960 "")`attribute) can also help, although it&#39;s not a complete solution for accessibility purposes.


### Disabling and enabling a reset button<a name="Disabling_and_enabling_a_reset_button"></a>


To disable a reset button, simply specify the`[disabled]40049 "")`global attribute on it, like so:


```
<input type="reset" value="Disabled" disabled>
```



You can enable and disable buttons at run time by simply setting`disabled`to`true`or`false`; in JavaScript this looks like`btn.disabled = true`or`btn.disabled = false`.



**Note**: See the`[&lt;input type=&quot;button&quot;&gt;]40050 "")`page for more ideas about enabling and disabling buttons.



## Validation<a name="Validation"></a>


Buttons don&#39;t participate in constraint validation; they have no real value to be constrained.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


We&#39;ve included simple examples above. There isn&#39;t really anything more to say about reset buttons.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;input type=&quot;reset&quot;&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]40051 "") | Living Standard 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;input type=&quot;reset&quot;&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]40052 "") | Recommendation 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Basic support]40053 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")and the[`HTMLInputElement`]39989 "The HTMLInputElement interface provides special properties and methods for manipulating the layout and presentation of input elements.")interface which implements it.
* [Forms and buttons]40054 "")
* [Forms (accessibility)]40055 "")
* [HTML forms]35701 "")
* The[`<button>`]23957 "The HTML <button> element represents a clickable button, which can be used in forms, or anywhere in a document that needs simple, standard button functionality.")element



