---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WorkerGlobalScope/console
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24312 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24313 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The`**console**`read-only property of the[`WorkerGlobalScope`]4856 "The WorkerGlobalScope interface of the Web Workers API is an interface representing the scope of any worker. Workers have no browsing context; this scope contains the information usually conveyed by Window objects — in this case event handlers, the console or the associated WorkerNavigator object. Each WorkerGlobalScope has its own event loop.")interface returns a[`Console`]23862 "The Console object provides access to the browser's debugging console (e.g. the Web Console in Firefox). The specifics of how it works varies from browser to browser, but there is a de facto set of features that are typically provided.")object providing access to the browser console for the worker.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var consoleObj = self.console;
```

### Value<a name="Specifications"></a>


A[`Console`]23862 "The Console object provides access to the browser's debugging console (e.g. the Web Console in Firefox). The specifics of how it works varies from browser to browser, but there is a de facto set of features that are typically provided.")object.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This property allows you to have access to a browser console for debugging purposes, inside a worker. So for example you could call


```
console.log('test');
```


inside a worker (which would basically be the equivalent of`self.console.log('test');`, as these are being called on the worker scope, which can be referenced with[`WorkerGlobalScope.self`]24306 "The self read-only property of the WorkerGlobalScope interface returns a reference to the WorkerGlobalScope itself. Most of the time it is a specific scope like DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope,  SharedWorkerGlobalScope, or ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.")), to return a test message out to the browser console.



If you are calling`console.log()`from a[`DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope`]24307 "The DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope object (the Worker global scope) is accessible through the self keyword. Some additional global functions, namespaces objects, and constructors, not typically associated with the worker global scope, but available on it, are listed in the JavaScript Reference. See also: Functions available to workers.")or other worker scope that acts on a single loaded window, that tab&#39;s web console will receive the logs. However, If you are calling`console.log()`from a[`SharedWorkerGlobalScope`]24308 "The SharedWorkerGlobalScope object (the SharedWorker global scope) is accessible through the self keyword. Some additional global functions, namespaces objects, and constructors, not typically associated with the worker global scope, but available on it, are listed in the JavaScript Reference. See the complete list of functions available to workers."), the global browser console will receive the logs.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not yet part of any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Console`]23862 "The Console object provides access to the browser's debugging console (e.g. the Web Console in Firefox). The specifics of how it works varies from browser to browser, but there is a de facto set of features that are typically provided.")
* [`WorkerGlobalScope`]4856 "The WorkerGlobalScope interface of the Web Workers API is an interface representing the scope of any worker. Workers have no browsing context; this scope contains the information usually conveyed by Window objects — in this case event handlers, the console or the associated WorkerNavigator object. Each WorkerGlobalScope has its own event loop.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Read-only]23513 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Web Workers]3395 "")
* [WorkerGlobalScope]21439 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[valentin.gosu]24314 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 9:30:28 AM</time>


