---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope/postMessage
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24340 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24341 "")版。</bdi>






The`**postMessage()**`method of the[`DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope`]24307 "The DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope object (the Worker global scope) is accessible through the self keyword. Some additional global functions, namespaces objects, and constructors, not typically associated with the worker global scope, but available on it, are listed in the JavaScript Reference. See also: Functions available to workers.")interface sends a message to the main thread that spawned it. This accepts a single parameter, which is the data to send to the worker. The data may be any value or JavaScript object handled by the[structured clone]24334 "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/multipage/common-dom-interfaces.html#transferable")algorithm, which includes cyclical references.



The main scope that spawned the worker can send back information to the thread that spawned it using the[`Worker.postMessage`]24329 "The postMessage() method of the Worker interface sends a message to the worker's inner scope. This accepts a single parameter, which is the data to send to the worker. The data may be any value or JavaScript object handled by the structured clone algorithm, which includes cyclical references.")method.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
postMessage(aMessage, transferList);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><em>aMessage</em></dt><dd>The object to deliver to the main thread; this will be in the data field in the event delivered to the[`Worker.onmessage`]24331 "The onmessage property of the Worker interface represents an EventHandler, that is a function to be called when the message event occurs. These events are of type MessageEvent and will be called when the worker's parent receives a message (i.e. from the DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope.postMessage method.")handler. This may be any value or JavaScript object handled by the[structured clone]24334 "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/multipage/common-dom-interfaces.html#transferable")algorithm, which includes cyclical references.</dd><dt id=''><em>transferList</em>Optional</dt><dd>An optional[array]4240 "/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array")of[`Transferable`]24342 "The Transferable interface represents an object that can be transfered between different execution contexts, like the main thread and Web workers.")objects to transfer ownership of. If the ownership of an object is transferred, it becomes unusable (<em>neutered</em>) in the context it was sent from and it becomes available only to the main thread it was sent to.</dd><dd>Only[`MessagePort`]10752 "The MessagePort interface of the Channel Messaging API represents one of the two ports of a MessageChannel, allowing messages to be sent from one port and listening out for them arriving at the other.")and[`ArrayBuffer`]14256 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")objects can be transferred.</dd></dl>
### Returns<a name="Returns"></a>


Void.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following code snippet shows`worker.js`, in which an`onmessage`handler is used to handle messages from the main script. Inside the handler a calculation is done from which a result message is created; this is then sent back to the main thread using`postMessage(workerResult);`


```
onmessage = function(e) {
  console.log('Message received from main script');
  var workerResult = 'Result: ' + (e.data[0] * e.data[1]);
  console.log('Posting message back to main script');
  postMessage(workerResult);
}
```


In the main script,`onmessage`would have to be called on a`Worker object`, whereas inside the worker script you just need`onmessage`because the worker is effectively the global scope ([`DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope`]24307 "The DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope object (the Worker global scope) is accessible through the self keyword. Some additional global functions, namespaces objects, and constructors, not typically associated with the worker global scope, but available on it, are listed in the JavaScript Reference. See also: Functions available to workers.")).



For a full example, see our[Basic dedicated worker example]3387 "")([run dedicated worker]3388 "")).



**Note**:`postMessage()`can only send a single object at once. As seen above, if you want to pass multiple values you can send an array.



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope.postMessage()&#39; in that specification.</small>]24343 "") | Living Standard |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


The[`DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope`]24307 "The DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope object (the Worker global scope) is accessible through the self keyword. Some additional global functions, namespaces objects, and constructors, not typically associated with the worker global scope, but available on it, are listed in the JavaScript Reference. See also: Functions available to workers.")interface it belongs to.




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DedicatedWorkerGlobalScope]6949 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [postMessage]24344 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Web Workers]3395 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 4:18:36 AM</time>


