---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WorkerGlobalScope/dump
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24351 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24352 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The`**dump()**`method of the[`WorkerGlobalScope`]4856 "The WorkerGlobalScope interface of the Web Workers API is an interface representing the scope of any worker. Workers have no browsing context; this scope contains the information usually conveyed by Window objects — in this case event handlers, the console or the associated WorkerNavigator object. Each WorkerGlobalScope has its own event loop.")interface allows you to write a message to stdout — i.e. in your terminal, in Firefox only. This is the same as Firefox&#39;s[`window.dump`]24353 "Prints messages to the (native) console."), but for workers.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
dump('My message\n');
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>


A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the message you want to send.


### Returns<a name="Returns"></a>


Void.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


To write an output from your worker to your computer&#39;s terminal, you first have to run an instance of Firefox started from your command line/terminal. For example, on Mac OS X you&#39;d run it using something like this (assuming you are inside the`Applications`folder):


```
./Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/firefox-bin -profile /tmp -no-remote
```


Now go into`about:config`and enable the`browser.dom.window.dump.enabled`pref.



Next, run a worker containing the following line:


```
dump('test\n');
```


This should result in a &quot;test&quot; message being output to the terminal.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This method does not appear in any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


[`WorkerGlobalScope`]4856 "The WorkerGlobalScope interface of the Web Workers API is an interface representing the scope of any worker. Workers have no browsing context; this scope contains the information usually conveyed by Window objects — in this case event handlers, the console or the associated WorkerNavigator object. Each WorkerGlobalScope has its own event loop.")




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [dump]24354 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Workers]3395 "")
* [WorkerGlobalScope]21439 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 9:35:12 AM</time>


