---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WindowTimers/clearInterval
---






The**`clearInterval()`**method of the[`WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope`]13756 "The WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin describes several features common to the Window and WorkerGlobalScope interfaces. Each of these interfaces can, of course, add more features in addition to the ones listed below.")mixin cancels a timed, repeating action which was previously established by a call to[`setInterval()`]24383 "The setInterval() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin repeatedly calls a function or executes a code snippet, with a fixed time delay between each call. It returns an interval ID which uniquely identifies the interval, so you can remove it later by calling clearInterval(). This method is offered on the Window and Worker interfaces.").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
scope.clearInterval(intervalID)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`intervalID`</dt><dd>The identifier of the repeated action you want to cancel. This ID was returned by the corresponding call to`setInterval()`.</dd></dl>

It&#39;s worth noting that the pool of IDs used by[`setInterval()`]24383 "The setInterval() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin repeatedly calls a function or executes a code snippet, with a fixed time delay between each call. It returns an interval ID which uniquely identifies the interval, so you can remove it later by calling clearInterval(). This method is offered on the Window and Worker interfaces.")and[`setTimeout()`]24384 "The setTimeout() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin (and successor to window.setTimeout) sets a timer which executes a function or specified piece of code once after the timer expires.")are shared, which means you can technically use`clearInterval()`and[`clearTimeout()`]24385 "The clearTimeout() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin cancels a timeout previously established by calling setTimeout().")interchangeably. However, for clarity, you should avoid doing so.


### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


[`undefined`]14139 "The global undefined property represents the primitive value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.")


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


See the[`setInterval()`example]24386 "DOM/window.setInterval#Example").


## Specifications<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope.clearInterval()&#39; in that specification.</small>]24387 "") | Living Standard | Method moved to the`WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope`mixin in the latest spec. 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;clearInterval()&#39; in that specification.</small>]24387 "") | Living Standard |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [JavaScript timers]24388 "JavaScript/Timers")
* [`WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope.setTimeout`]24384 "The setTimeout() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin (and successor to window.setTimeout) sets a timer which executes a function or specified piece of code once after the timer expires.")
* [`WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope.setInterval`]24383 "The setInterval() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin repeatedly calls a function or executes a code snippet, with a fixed time delay between each call. It returns an interval ID which uniquely identifies the interval, so you can remove it later by calling clearInterval(). This method is offered on the Window and Worker interfaces.")
* [`WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope.clearTimeout`]24385 "The clearTimeout() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin cancels a timeout previously established by calling setTimeout().")
* [`Window.requestAnimationFrame`]16394 "You should call this method whenever you're ready to update your animation onscreen. This will request that your animation function be called before the browser performs the next repaint. The number of callbacks is usually 60 times per second, but will generally match the display refresh rate in most web browsers as per W3C recommendation. requestAnimationFrame() calls are paused in most browsers when running in background tabs or hidden <iframe>s in order to improve performance and battery life.")
* [<em>Daemons</em>management]24389 "JavaScript/Timers/Daemons")



## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [API]22815 "")
* [clearInterval]24390 "")
* [HTML DOM]24391 "")
* [JavaScript timers]24392 "")
* [Method]22861 "")
* [Reference]22199 "")
* [WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope]23578 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz]22202 ""),[erikadoyle]22912 ""),[chrisdavidmills]22892 ""),[Sheppy]22371 ""),[cvrebert]24393 ""),[dyagmin]24394 ""),[teoli]22366 ""),[Mats.Palmgren]24395 ""),[ethertank]22374 ""),[ziyunfei]22375 ""),[fusionchess]22525 ""),[qfel13]24396 ""),[Nickolay]22846 ""),[Taken]24397 ""),[Mgjbot]22383 ""),[BenoitL]22385 ""),[Maian]22386 ""),[JesseW]24398 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz]22202 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 3:20:11 AM</time>


