---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/shiftRightByScalar
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46191 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42562 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.shiftRightByScalar()`**method returns a new instance with the lane values shifted right. Depending on the type, these operations are used:


* For signed integers, values are shifted arithmetic by a given bit count (`a >> bits`, signed right shift operator).
* For unsigned integers, values are shifted logical by a given bit count (`a >>> bits`, unsigned right shift operator).

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Int8x16.shiftRightByScalar(a, bits)
SIMD.Int16x8.shiftRightByScalar(a, bits)
SIMD.Int32x4.shiftRightByScalar(a, bits)

SIMD.Uint8x16.shiftRightByScalar(a, bits)
SIMD.Uint16x8.shiftRightByScalar(a, bits) 
SIMD.Uint32x4.shiftRightByScalar(a, bits)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>a</dt><dd>An instance of a SIMD type.</dd><dt id=''>`bits`</dt><dd>Bit count to shift by.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A new corresponding SIMD data type with the lane values shifted right by a given bit count.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>

### Signed shift<a name="Signed_shift"></a>


The bitwise arithmetic right shift operation shifts the specified number of bits to the right. Excess bits shifted off to the right are discarded. Copies of the leftmost bit are shifted in from the left. Since the new leftmost bit has the same value as the previous leftmost bit, the sign bit (the leftmost bit) does not change. Hence the name &quot;sign-propagating&quot; or &quot;arithmetic&quot;.



For non-negative numbers, the arithmetic right shift and the[logical right shift]46192 "")yield the same result.



For example, a bitwise right arithmetic shift of`5 >> 1`results in`0010`which is 2 in decimal.


```
5 0101
  ----
2 0010
```

### Unsigned shift<a name="Unsigned_shift"></a>


The bitwise logical right shift operation shifts the specified number of bits to the right. Excess bits shifted off to the right are discarded. Zero bits are shifted in from the left. The sign bit becomes 0, so the result is always non-negative.



For non-negative numbers, the[arithmetic right shift]46193 "")and the logical right shift yield the same result.



For example, a bitwise right logical shift of`-8 >>> 1`results in`01111111111111111111111111111100`which is`2147483644`in decimal.


```
-8            11111111111111111111111111111000
              --------------------------------
2147483644    01111111111111111111111111111100
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Bitwise right arithmetic shift of an`Int32x4`<a name="Bitwise_right_arithmetic_shift_of_an_Int32x4"></a>

```
var a = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 4, -8);
SIMD.Int32x4.shiftRightByScalar(a, 1);
// Int32x4[0, 1, 2, -4]
```

### Bitwise right logical shift of a`Uint32x4`<a name="Bitwise_right_logical_shift_of_a_Uint32x4"></a>

```
var a = SIMD.Uint32x4(1, 2, 4, -8);
SIMD.Uint32x4.shiftRightByScalar(a, 1);
// Uint32x4[0, 1, 2, 2147483644]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.shiftRightByScalar&#39; in that specification.</small>]46194 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")
* [Bitwise operators]40885 "")



