---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/shiftLeftByScalar
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46188 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42561 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.shiftLeftByScalar()`**method returns a new instance with the lane values shifted left by a given bit count (`a << bits`).


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Int8x16.shiftLeftByScalar(a, bits)
SIMD.Int16x8.shiftLeftByScalar(a, bits)
SIMD.Int32x4.shiftLeftByScalar(a, bits)

SIMD.Uint8x16.shiftLeftByScalar(a, bits)
SIMD.Uint16x8.shiftLeftByScalar(a, bits)
SIMD.Uint32x4.shiftLeftByScalar(a, bits)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>a</dt><dd>An instance of a SIMD type.</dd><dt id=''>`bits`</dt><dd>Bit count to shift by.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A new corresponding SIMD data type with the lane values shifted left by a given bit count (`a << bits`).


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The bitwise left shift operation shifts the specified number of bits to the left. Excess bits shifted off to the left are discarded. Zero bits are shifted in from the right.



For example, a bitwise left shift of`5 << 1`results in`1010`which is 10 in decimal.


```
5  0101
   ----
10 1010
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Bitwise left shift of an`Int32x4`<a name="Bitwise_left_shift_of_an_Int32x4"></a>

```
var a = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 4, 8);
SIMD.Int32x4.shiftLeftByScalar(a, 1);
// Int32x4[2, 4, 8, 16]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.shiftLeftByScalar&#39; in that specification.</small>]46189 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")
* [Bitwise operators]40885 "")



