---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/syntax
---





The basic goal of the Cascading Stylesheet ([CSS]28350 "CSS")) language is to allow a browser engine to paint elements of the page with specific features, like colors, positioning, or decorations. The*CSS syntax*reflects this goal and its basic building blocks are:


* The**property**which is an identifier, that is a human-readable*name*, that defines which feature is considered.
* The**value**which describe how the feature must be handled by the engine. Each property has a set of valid values, defined by a formal grammar, as well as a semantic meaning, implemented by the browser engine.

## CSS declarations<a name="CSS_declarations"></a>


Setting CSS properties to specific values is the core function of the CSS language. A property and value pair is called a**declaration**, and any CSS engine calculates which declarations apply to every single element of a page in order to appropriately lay it out, and to style it.



Both properties and values are case-insensitive by default in CSS. The pair is separated by a colon, &#39;`:`&#39; (`U+003A COLON`), and white spaces before, between, and after properties and values, but not necessarily inside, are ignored.



![css syntax - declaration.png]28352 "")



There are more than[100 different properties]28353 "en/CSS/CSS_Reference")in CSS and a nearly infinite number of different values. Not all pairs of properties and values are allowed and each property defines what are the valid values. When a value is not valid for a given property, the declaration is deemed*invalid*and is wholly ignored by the CSS engine.


## CSS declarations blocks<a name="CSS_declarations_blocks"></a>


Declarations are grouped in**blocks**, that is in a structure delimited by an opening brace, &#39;`{`&#39; (`U+007B LEFT CURLY BRACKET`), and a closing one, &#39;`}`&#39; (`U+007D RIGHT CURLY BRACKET`). Blocks sometimes can be nested, so opening and closing braces must be matched.



![css syntax - block.png]28354 "")



Such blocks are naturally called**declaration blocks**and declarations inside them are separated by a semi-colon, &#39;`;`&#39; (`U+003B SEMICOLON`). A declaration block may be empty, that is containing null declaration. White spaces around declarations are ignored. The last declaration of a block doesn&#39;t need to be terminated by a semi-colon, though it is often considered*good style*to do it as it prevents forgetting to add it when extending the block with another declaration.



![css syntax - declarations block.png]28355 "")

The content of a CSS declaration block, that is a list of semi-colon-separated declarations, without the initial and closing braces, can be put inside an HTML[`style`]28356 "https://developer.mozilla.org/en/HTML/Global_attributes#attr-style")attribute.

## CSS rulesets<a name="CSS_rulesets"></a>


If style sheets could only apply a declaration to each element of a Web page, they would be pretty useless. The real goal is to apply different declarations to different parts of the document.



CSS allows this by associating conditions with declarations blocks. Each (valid) declaration block is preceded by one or more*selectors*which are conditions selecting some elements of the page. The pair selector group-declarations block is called a**ruleset**, or often simply a**rule**.



![css syntax - ruleset.png]28357 "")



As an element of the page may be matched by several selectors, and therefore by several rules potentially containing a given property several times, with different values, the CSS standard defines which one has precedence over the other and must be applied: this is called the[cascade]28358 "Cascading and inheritance")algorithm.

It is important to note that even if a ruleset characterized by a group of selectors is a kind of shorthand replacing rulesets with a single selector each, this doesn&#39;t apply to the validity of the ruleset itself.<br></br><br></br>This leads to an important consequence: if one single basic selector is invalid, like when using an unknown pseudo-element or pseudo-class, the whole*selector*is invalid and therefore the entire rule is ignored (as invalid too).

## CSS statements<a name="CSS_statements"></a>


Rulesets are the main building blocks of a style sheet, which often consists of only a big list of them. But there is other information that a Web author wants to convey in the style sheet, like the character set, other external style sheets to import, font face or list counter descriptions and many more. It will use other and specific kinds of statements to do that.



A**statement**is a building block that begins with any non-space characters and ends at the first closing brace or semi-colon (outside a string, non-escaped and not included into another {}, () or [] pair).



![css syntax - statements Venn diag.png]28359 "")



There are two kinds of statements:


* **Rulesets**(or*rules*) that, as seen, associate a collection of CSS declarations to a condition described by a selector.
* **At-rules**that start with an at sign, &#39;`@`&#39; (`U+0040 COMMERCIAL AT`), followed by an identifier and then continuing up the end of the statement, that is up to the next semi-colon (;) outside of a block, or the end of the next block. Each type of[at-rules]28360 "At-rule"), defined by the identifier, may have its own internal syntax, and semantics of course. They are used to convey meta-data information (like[`@charset`]33621 "The @charset CSS at-rule specifies the character encoding used in the style sheet. It must be the first element in the style sheet and not be preceded by any character; as it is not a nested statement, it cannot be used inside conditional group at-rules. If several @charset at-rules are defined, only the first one is used, and it cannot be used inside a style attribute on an HTML element or inside the <style> element where the character set of the HTML page is relevant.")or[`@import`]33622 "The @import CSS at-rule is used to import style rules from other style sheets. These rules must precede all other types of rules, except @charset rules; as it is not a nested statement, @import cannot be used inside conditional group at-rules.")), conditional information (like[`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule can be used to apply styles based on the result of one or more media queries, which test a device's type, specific characteristics, and environment.")or[`@document`]33623 "The @document CSS at-rule restricts the style rules contained within it based on the URL of the document. It is designed primarily for user-defined style sheets, though it can be used on author-defined style sheets, too.")), or descriptive information (like[`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule allows authors to specify fonts (online url(), and locally local()), to display text on their web pages. By allowing authors to provide their own fonts, @font-face eliminates the need to depend on the limited number of fonts users have installed on their computers. By allowing authors to access users fonts, @font-face eliminates the dependencies of having internet access, as well as downloading the font's resources locally. These seemingly contrasting options empower developers to take advantage of the users settings in order to provide a seamless typographical experience. The @font-face at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.")).


Any statement which isn&#39;t a ruleset or an at-rule is invalid and ignored.



[*CSS Conditionals Level 3*]28361 "en/CSS/CSS3#Conditionals"). Now, though still experimental and not supported by every browser, conditional group rules can contain a wider range of content: rulesets but also some, but not all, at-rules.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax]32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule]4443 "At-rule"),[comments]32858 "Comments"),[specificity]31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance]28555 "inheritance"), the[box]32859 "Box model"),[layout modes]32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models]32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing]30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial]28552 "initial value"),[computed]28556 "computed value"),[resolved]32862 "resolved value"),[specified]32863 "specified value"),[used]32864 "used value"), and[actual]32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax]28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties]28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements]28752 "Replaced element").



