---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/attr
---





The**`attr()`**[CSS]427 "")function is used to retrieve the value of an attribute of the selected element and use it in the style sheet. It can also be used on[pseudo-elements]3563 ""), in which case the value of the attribute on the pseudo-element&#39;s originating element is returned.


```
/* Simple usage */
attr(data-count);
attr(title);

/* With type */
attr(src url);
attr(data-count number);
attr(data-width px);

/* With fallback */
attr(data-count number, 0);
attr(src url, '');
attr(data-width px, inherit);
attr(data-something, 'default');
```


**Note:**The`attr()`function can be used with any CSS property, but support for properties other than[`content`]29555 "The content CSS property is used with the ::before and ::after pseudo-elements to generate content in an element. Objects inserted using the content property are anonymous replaced elements.")is experimental.



BUG:[https://codepen.io/xgqfrms-gildata/full/EoMNMR]38554 "")



&gt; `content: attr(data-img-url url);` only support string type, not support url type!



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`attribute-name`</dt><dd>Is the name of an attribute on the HTML element referenced in the CSS.</dd><dt id=''>`<type-or-unit>`<i></i></dt><dd>Is a keyword representing either the type of the attribute&#39;s value, or its unit, as in HTML some attributes have implicit units. If the use of`<type-or-unit>`as a value for the given attribute is invalid, the`attr()`expression will be invalid too. If omitted, it defaults to`string`. The list of valid values are:
Keyword | Associated type | Comment | Default value 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`string` | [`<string>`]4570 "The <string> CSS data type represents a sequence of characters. Strings are used in numerous CSS properties, such as content, font-family, and quotes.") | The attribute value is treated as a CSS[`<string>`]4570 "The <string> CSS data type represents a sequence of characters. Strings are used in numerous CSS properties, such as content, font-family, and quotes."). It is NOT reparsed, and in particular the characters are used as-is instead of CSS escapes being turned into different characters. | An empty string. 
`color`<i></i> | [`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.") | The attribute value is parsed as a hash (3- or 6-value hash) or a keyword. It must be a valid CSS[`<string>`]4570 "The <string> CSS data type represents a sequence of characters. Strings are used in numerous CSS properties, such as content, font-family, and quotes.")value.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `currentColor` 
`url`<i></i> | [`<url>`]28338 "The <url> CSS data type denotes a pointer to a resource, such as an image or a font. URLs can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as background-image, cursor, and list-style.") | The attribute value is parsed as a string that is used inside a CSS`url()`function.<br></br>Relative URL are resolved relatively to the original document, not relatively to the style sheet.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | The url`about:invalid`that points to a non-existent document with a generic error condition. 
`integer`<i></i> | [`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index."). If it is not valid, that is not an integer or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0`, or, if`0`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`number`<i></i> | [`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."). If it is not valid, that is not a number or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0`, or, if`0`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`length`<i></i> | [`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")dimension, that is including the unit (e.g.`12.5em`). If it is not valid, that is not a length or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>If the given unit is a relative length,`attr()`computes it to an absolute length.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0`, or, if`0`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`em`,`ex`,`px`,`rem`,`vw`,`vh`,`vmin`,`vmax`,`mm`,`cm`,`in`,`pt`, or`pc`<i></i> | [`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."), that is without the unit (e.g.`12.5`), and interpreted as a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")with the specified unit. If it is not valid, that is not a number or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>If the given unit is a relative length,`attr()`computes it to an absolute length.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0`, or, if`0`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`angle`<i></i> | [`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")dimension, that is including the unit (e.g.`30.5deg`). If it is not valid, that is not an angle or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0deg`, or, if`0deg`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`deg`,`grad`,`rad`<i></i> | [`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."), that is without the unit (e.g.`12.5`), and interpreted as an[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")with the specified unit. If it is not valid, that is not a number or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0deg`, or, if`0deg`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`time`<i></i> | [`<time>`]4566 "The <time> CSS data type represents a time value expressed in seconds or milliseconds. It is used in animation, transition, and related properties.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<time>`]4566 "The <time> CSS data type represents a time value expressed in seconds or milliseconds. It is used in animation, transition, and related properties.")dimension, that is including the unit (e.g.`30.5ms`). If it is not valid, that is not a time or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0s`, or, if`0s`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`s`,`ms`<i></i> | [`<time>`]4566 "The <time> CSS data type represents a time value expressed in seconds or milliseconds. It is used in animation, transition, and related properties.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."), that is without the unit (e.g.`12.5`), and interpreted as an[`<time>`]4566 "The <time> CSS data type represents a time value expressed in seconds or milliseconds. It is used in animation, transition, and related properties.")with the specified unit. If it is not valid, that is not a number or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0s`, or, if`0s`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`frequency`<i></i> | [`<frequency>`]4565 "The <frequency> CSS data type represents a frequency dimension, such as the pitch of a speaking voice. It is not currently used in any CSS properties.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<frequency>`]4565 "The <frequency> CSS data type represents a frequency dimension, such as the pitch of a speaking voice. It is not currently used in any CSS properties.")dimension, that is including the unit (e.g.`30.5kHz`). If it is not valid, that is not a frequency or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used. | `0Hz`, or, if`0Hz`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`Hz`,`kHz`<i></i> | [`<frequency>`]4565 "The <frequency> CSS data type represents a frequency dimension, such as the pitch of a speaking voice. It is not currently used in any CSS properties.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."), that is without the unit (e.g.`12.5`), and interpreted as a[`<frequency>`]4565 "The <frequency> CSS data type represents a frequency dimension, such as the pitch of a speaking voice. It is not currently used in any CSS properties.")with the specified unit. If it is not valid, that is not a number or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0Hz`, or, if`0Hz`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 
`%`<i></i> | [`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.") | The attribute value is parsed as a CSS[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."), that is without the unit (e.g.`12.5`), and interpreted as a[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size."). If it is not valid, that is not a number or out of the range accepted by the CSS property, the default value is used.<br></br>If the given value is used as a length,`attr()`computes it to an absolute length.<br></br>Leading and trailing spaces are stripped. | `0%`, or, if`0%`is not a valid value for the property, the property&#39;s minimum value. 

</dd><dt id=''>`<fallback>`<i></i></dt><dd>The value to be used if the associated attribute is missing or contains an invalid value. The fallback value must be valid where`attr()`is used, even if it is not used, and must not contain another`attr()`expression. If`attr()`is not the sole component value of a property, its`<fallback>`value must be of the type defined by`<type-or-unit>`. If not set, CSS will use the default value defined for each`<type-or-unit>`.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
attr( <attr-name> <type-or-unit>? [, <attr-fallback> ]? )where <type-or-unit> = string | integer | color | url | integer | number | length | angle | time | frequency | em | ex | px | rem | vw | vh | vmin | vmax | mm | q | cm | in | pt | pc | deg | grad | rad | ms | s | Hz | kHz | %
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p data-foo="hello">world</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
p::before {
  content: attr(data-foo) " ";
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/attr$samples/Examples?revision=1349556' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Values and Units Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;attr()&#39; in that specification.</small>]38555 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Added two optional parameters; can be used on all properties; may return other values than[`<string>`]4570 "The <string> CSS data type represents a sequence of characters. Strings are used in numerous CSS properties, such as content, font-family, and quotes."). These changes are experimental and may be dropped during the CR phase if browser support is too small. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;attr()&#39; in that specification.</small>]28574 "") | Recommendation | Limited to the[`content`]29555 "The content CSS property is used with the ::before and ::after pseudo-elements to generate content in an element. Objects inserted using the content property are anonymous replaced elements.")property; always return a[`<string>`]4570 "The <string> CSS data type represents a sequence of characters. Strings are used in numerous CSS properties, such as content, font-family, and quotes."). 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2.1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>




