---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/grid-row
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]30406 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]30383 "")版。</bdi>






The**`grid-row`**CSS property is a[shorthand]28797 "")property for[`grid-row-start`]30384 "The grid-row-start CSS property specifies a grid item’s start position within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-start edge of its grid area.")and[`grid-row-end`]30385 "The grid-row-end CSS property specifies a grid item’s end position within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-end edge of its grid area.")specifying a grid item’s size and location within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-start and inline-end edge of its[grid area]30332 "grid area: A grid area is one or more grid cells that make up a rectangular area on the grid. Grid areas are created when you place an item using line-based placement or when defining areas using named grid areas.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/grid-row.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


If two &lt;grid-line&gt; values are specified, the`grid-row-start`longhand is set to the value before the slash, and the`grid-row-end`longhand is set to the value after the slash.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
grid-row: auto;
grid-row: auto / auto;

/* <custom-ident> values */
grid-row: somegridarea;
grid-row: somegridarea / someothergridarea;

/* <integer> + <custom-ident> values */
grid-row: somegridarea 4;
grid-row: 4 somegridarea / 6;

/* span + <integer> + <custom-ident> values */
grid-row: span 3;
grid-row: span somegridarea;
grid-row: 5 somegridarea span;
grid-row: span 3 / 6;
grid-row: span somegridarea / span someothergridarea;
grid-row: 5 somegridarea span / 2 span;

/* Global values */
grid-row: inherit;
grid-row: initial;
grid-row: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>Is a keyword indicating that the property contributes nothing to the grid item’s placement, indicating auto-placement, an automatic span, or a default span of`1`.</dd><dt id=''>`<custom-ident>`</dt><dd>If there is a named line with the name &#39;&lt;custom-ident&gt;-start&#39;/&#39;&lt;custom-ident&gt;-end&#39;, it contributes the first such line to the grid item’s placement.

**Note:**Named grid areas automatically generate implicit named lines of this form, so specifying`grid-row: foo;`will choose the start/end edge of that named grid area (unless another line named`foo-start`/`foo-end`was explicitly specified before it).



Otherwise, this is treated as if the integer`1`had been specified along with the`<custom-ident>`.

</dd><dt id=''>`<integer> && <custom-ident>?`</dt><dd>Contributes the nth grid line to the grid item’s placement. If a negative integer is given, it instead counts in reverse, starting from the end edge of the explicit grid.

If a name is given as a &lt;custom-ident&gt;, only lines with that name are counted. If not enough lines with that name exist, all implicit grid lines are assumed to have that name for the purpose of finding this position.



An[`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index.")value of`0`is invalid.

</dd><dt id=''>`span && [ <integer> || <custom-ident> ]`</dt><dd>Contributes a grid span to the grid item’s placement such that the corresponding edge of the grid item’s grid area is n lines from the opposite edge.

If a name is given as a &lt;custom-ident&gt;, only lines with that name are counted. If not enough lines with that name exist, all implicit grid lines on the side of the explicit grid corresponding to the search direction are assumed to have that name for the purpose of counting this span.



If the &lt;integer&gt; is omitted, it defaults to`1`. Negative integers or 0 are invalid.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<grid-line> [ / <grid-line> ]?where <grid-line> = auto | <custom-ident> | [ <integer> && <custom-ident>? ] | [ span && [ <integer> || <custom-ident> ] ]
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML Content<a name="HTML_Content"></a>

```
<div id="grid">
  <div id="item1"></div>
  <div id="item2"></div>
  <div id="item3"></div>
</div>
```

### CSS Content<a name="CSS_Content"></a>

```
#grid {
  display: grid;
  height: 200px;
  grid-template-columns: 200px;
  grid-template-rows: repeat(6, 1fr);
}

#item1 {
  background-color: lime;
}

#item2 {
  background-color: yellow;
  grid-row: 2 / 4;
}

#item3 {
  background-color: blue;
  grid-row: span 2 / 7;
} 
 

```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/grid-row$samples/Example?revision=1368985' width='200px' height='200px'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Grid Layout<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;grid-row&#39; in that specification.</small>]30407 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`grid-row-start`]30384 "The grid-row-start CSS property specifies a grid item’s start position within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-start edge of its grid area."):`auto`
* [`grid-row-end`]30385 "The grid-row-end CSS property specifies a grid item’s end position within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-end edge of its grid area."):`auto` 
Applies to | grid items and absolutely-positioned boxes whose containing block is a grid container 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`grid-row-start`]30384 "The grid-row-start CSS property specifies a grid item’s start position within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-start edge of its grid area."): as specified
* [`grid-row-end`]30385 "The grid-row-end CSS property specifies a grid item’s end position within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-end edge of its grid area."): as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Related CSS properties:[`grid-row-start`]30384 "The grid-row-start CSS property specifies a grid item’s start position within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-start edge of its grid area."),[`grid-row-end`]30385 "The grid-row-end CSS property specifies a grid item’s end position within the grid row by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-end edge of its grid area."),[`grid-column`]30378 "The grid-column CSS property is a shorthand property for grid-column-start and grid-column-end specifying a grid item's size and location within the grid column by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the inline-start and inline-end edge of its grid area."),[`grid-column-start`]30379 "The grid-column-start CSS property specifies a grid item’s start position within the grid column by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement. This start position defines the block-start edge of the grid area."),[`grid-column-end`]30380 "The grid-column-end CSS property specifies a grid item’s end position within the grid column by contributing a line, a span, or nothing (automatic) to its grid placement, thereby specifying the block-end edge of its grid area.")
* Grid Layout Guide:*[Line-based placement with CSS Grid]30323 "")*
* Video tutorial:*[Line-based placement]30386 "")*



