---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Cascade#user-agent_style_sheet
---





The**cascade**is an algorithm that defines how to combine property values originating from different sources. It lies at the core of CSS, as emphasized by the name:*Cascading*Style Sheets.This article explains what the cascade is, the order in which[CSS]143 "CSS: CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) is a declarative language that controls how webpages look in the browser.")[declarations]4486 "")cascade, and how this affects you, the web developer.


## Which CSS entities participate in the cascade<a name="Which_CSS_entities_participate_in_the_cascade"></a>


Only CSS declarations, that is property/value pairs, participate in the cascade. This means that[at-rules]4443 "")containing entities other than declarations, such as a[`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule specifies a custom font with which to display text; the font can be loaded from either a remote server or the user's own computer.")rule containing*descriptors*, don&#39;t participate in the cascade. In these cases, only the at-rule as a whole participates in the cascade: here, the`@font-face`identified by its`[font-family]26964 "")`descriptor. If several`@font-face`rules with the same descriptor are defined, only the most appropriate`@font-face`, as a whole, is considered.



While the declarations contained in most at-rules — such as those in[`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule can be used to apply part of a style sheet based on the result of one or more media queries."),[`@document`]33623 "The @document CSS at-rule restricts the style rules contained within it based on the URL of the document. It is designed primarily for user-defined style sheets, though it can be used on author-defined style sheets, too."), or[`@supports`]14303 "The @supports CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on a browser's support for one or more specific CSS features. This is called a feature query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")— participate in the cascade, declarations contained in[`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.")don&#39;t. As with`@font-face`, only the at-rule as a whole is selected via the cascade algorithm.



Finally, note that[`@import`]33622 "The @import CSS at-rule is used to import style rules from other style sheets. These rules must precede all other types of rules, except @charset rules; as it is not a nested statement, @import cannot be used inside conditional group at-rules.")and[`@charset`]33621 "The @charset CSS at-rule specifies the character encoding used in the style sheet. It must be the first element in the style sheet and not be preceded by any character; as it is not a nested statement, it cannot be used inside conditional group at-rules. If several @charset at-rules are defined, only the first one is used, and it cannot be used inside a style attribute on an HTML element or inside the <style> element where the character set of the HTML page is relevant.")obey specific algorithms and aren&#39;t affected by the cascade algorithm.


## Origin of CSS declarations<a name="Origin_of_CSS_declarations"></a>


The CSS cascade algorithm&#39;s job is to select CSS declarations in order to determine the correct values for CSS properties. CSS declarations originate from different origins: the**[user-agent style sheet]36287 "")**, the**[author style sheet]36288 "")**, and the**[user style sheet]36289 "")**.



Though style sheets come from these different origins, they overlap in scope; to make this work, the cascade algorithm defines how they interact.


### User-agent stylesheets<a name="User-agent_stylesheets"></a>


The browser has a basic style sheet that gives a default style to any document. These style sheets are named**user-agent stylesheets**. Some browsers use actual style sheets for this purpose, while others simulate them in code, but the end result is the same.



Some browsers let users modify the user-agent stylesheet. Although some constraints on user-agent stylesheets are set by the HTML specification, browsers still have a lot of latitude: that means that significant differences exist from one browser to another. To simplify the development process, Web developers often use a CSS reset style sheet, forcing common properties values to a known state before beginning to make alterations to suit their specific needs.


### Author stylesheets<a name="Author_stylesheets"></a>


**Author stylesheets**are the most common type of style sheet. These are style sheets that define styles as part of the design of a given web page or site. The author of the page defines the styles for the document using one or more stylesheets, which define the look and feel of the website — its theme.


### User stylesheets<a name="User_stylesheets"></a>


The user (or reader) of the web site can choose to override styles in many browsers using a custom**user stylesheet**designed to tailor the experience to the user&#39;s wishes.


## Cascading order<a name="Cascading_order"></a>


The cascading algorithm determines how to find the value to apply for each property for each document element.


1. It first filters all the rules from the different sources to keep only the rules that apply to a given element. That means rules whose selector matches the given element and which are part of an appropriate media at-rule.
1. Then it sorts these rules according to their importance, that is, whether or not they are followed by`!important`, and by their origin. The cascade is in ascending order, which means that`!important`values from a user-defined style sheet have precedence over normal values originated from a user-agent style sheet:
 | Origin | Importance 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
1 | user agent | normal 
2 | user | normal 
3 | author | normal 
4 | CSS Animations | *see below* 
5 | author | `!important` 
6 | user | `!important` 
7 | user agent | `!important`
1. In case of equality, the[specificity]32812 "/en-US/docs/CSS/Specificity")of a value is considered to choose one or the other.

## Resetting styles<a name="Resetting_styles"></a>


After your content has finished altering styles, it may find itself in a situation where it needs to restore them to a known state. This may happen in cases of animations, theme changes, and so forth. The CSS property[`all`]29726 "The all CSS shorthand property sets all of an element's properties (other than unicode-bidi and direction) to their initial or inherited values, or to the values specified in another stylesheet origin.")lets you quickly set (almost) everything in CSS back to a known state.



`all`lets you opt to immediately restore all properties to any of their initial (default) state, the state inherited from the previous level of the cascade, a specific origin (the user-agent stylesheet, the author stylesheet, or the user stylesheet), or even to clear the values of the properties entirely.


## CSS animations and the cascade<a name="CSS_animations_and_the_cascade"></a>


[CSS animations]3571 "/en-US/docs/CSS/Using_CSS_animations"), using[`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.")at-rules, define animations between states. Keyframes don&#39;t cascade, meaning that at any given time CSS takes values from only one single[`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence."), and never mixes multiple ones together.



When several keyframes are appropriate, it chooses the latest defined in the most important document, but never combined all together.



Also note that values within`@keyframes`at-rules overwrite all normal values but are overwritten by`!important`values.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


Let&#39;s look at an example involving multiple sources of CSS across the various origins; here we have a user agent style sheet, two author style sheets, a user stylesheet, and inline styles within the HTML:



**User-agent CSS:**


```
li { margin-left: 10px }
```


**Author CSS 1:**


```
li { margin-left: 0 } /* This is a reset */
```


**Author CSS 2:**


```
@media screen {
  li { margin-left: 3px }
}

@media print {
  li { margin-left: 1px }
}
```


**User CSS:**


```
.specific { margin-left: 1em }
```


**HTML:**


```
<ul>
  <li class="specific">1<sup>st</sup></li>
  <li>2<sup>nd</sup></li>
</ul>
```


In this case, declarations inside`li`and`.specific`rules should apply. No declaration is marked as`!important`, so the precedence order is author style sheets before user style sheets or user-agent stylesheet.



So three declarations are in competition:


```
margin-left: 0
```

```
margin-left: 3px
```

```
margin-left: 1px
```


The last one is ignored (on a screen), and the first two have the same selector, hence the same specificity. Therefore, it is the last one that is then selected:


```
margin-left: 3px
```


Note that the declaration defined in the user CSS, though having a greater specifity, is not chosen as the cascade algorithm is applied before the specifity algorithm.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [A very simple introduction to the CSS cascade]32904 "")
* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax]32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule]4443 "At-rule"),[comments]32858 "Comments"),[specificity]31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance]28555 "inheritance"), the[box]32859 "Box model"),[layout modes]32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models]32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing]30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial]28552 "initial value"),[computed]28556 "computed value"),[resolved]32862 "resolved value"),[specified]32863 "specified value"),[used]32864 "used value"), and[actual]32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax]28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties]28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements]28752 "Replaced element").



