---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function/matrix3d
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]31010 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]31011 "")版。</bdi>






您的浏览器不支持 MathML。已使用后备的 CSS 代替。





The**`matrix3d()`**[CSS]427 "")function defines a 3D transformation as a 4x4 homogeneous matrix. Its result is a[`<transform-function>`]28337 "The <transform-function> CSS data type represents a transformation that affects an element's appearance. Transformation functions can rotate, resize, distort, or move an element in 2D or 3D space. It is used in the transform property.")data type.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`matrix3d()`function is specified with 16 values. They are described in the column-major order.


```
matrix3d(a1, b1, c1, d1, a2, b2, c2, d2, a3, b3, c3, d3, a4, b4, c4, d4)
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`a1``b1``c1``d1``a2``b2``c2``d2``a3``b3``c3``d3``d4`</dt><dd>Are[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")s describing the linear transformation.</dd><dt id=''>`a4``b4``c4`</dt><dd>Are[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")s describing the translation to apply.</dd></dl>**Note:**Until Firefox 16, Gecko accepted a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")value for`a4`,`b4`and`c4`.

Cartesian coordinates on ℝ<sup>2</sup> | Homogeneous coordinates on ℝℙ<sup>2</sup> | Cartesian coordinates on ℝ<sup>3</sup> | Homogeneous coordinates on ℝℙ<sup>3</sup> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
This transformation applies to the 3D space and can&#39;t be represented on the plane. | A generic 3D[affine transformation]31012 "")can&#39;t be represented using a Cartesian-coordinate matrix, as translations are not linear transformations. | <math><mfenced><mtable><mtr><mtd>a1</mtd><mtd>a2</mtd><mtd>a3</mtd><mtd>a4</mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd>b1</mtd><mtd>b2</mtd><mtd>b3</mtd><mtd>b4</mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd>c1</mtd><mtd>c2</mtd><mtd>c3</mtd><mtd>c4</mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd>d1</mtd><mtd>d2</mtd><mtd>d3</mtd><mtd>d4</mtd></mtr></mtable></mfenced></math> 


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


TBD


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Please see the`[&lt;transform-function&gt;](%28337#Browser_compatibility "")`data type for compatibility info.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`transform`]6321 "The transform CSS property lets you modify the coordinate space of the CSS visual formatting model. Using it, elements can be translated, rotated, scaled, and skewed.")
* [`<transform-function>`]28337 "The <transform-function> CSS data type represents a transformation that affects an element's appearance. Transformation functions can rotate, resize, distort, or move an element in 2D or 3D space. It is used in the transform property.")
* [Understanding the CSS Transforms Matrix]31014 "")



