---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-locale-dir(ltr)
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`:-moz-locale-dir(ltr)`**[CSS](%427 "")[pseudo-class](%33702 "")is a[Mozilla extension](%28318 "")that matches an element if the user interface is being displayed left-to-right. This is determined by the preference`intl.uidirection.*locale*`(where`*locale*`is the current locale) being set to &quot;ltr&quot;.



**Note:**This selector is mainly used by extensions and themes to adapt the user interface based on the user&#39;s locale. (This can vary from window to window, and even from tab to tab.) It also allows extensions to work even when they don&#39;t support the user&#39;s default locale, since they can support both left-to-right and right-to-left layouts regardless of locale specifics.




This selector does not work properly from HTML; it always matches, regardless of whether the UI locale is left-to-right or right-to-left.



## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p>If you're using a left-to-right interface, this should be red.</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
p:-moz-locale-dir(ltr) {
  color: red;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-locale-dir(ltr)$samples/Example?revision=1383532' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`:dir(…)`](%34504 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`:-moz-locale-dir(rtl)`](%33056 "The :-moz-locale-dir(rtl) CSS pseudo-class is a Mozilla extension that matches an element if the user interface is being displayed right-to-left. This is determined by the preference intl.uidirection.locale (where locale is the current locale) being set to "rtl".")



