---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/LookupSetter
---





**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table]45568 "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





The`**__lookupSetter__**`method returns the function bound as a setter to the specified property.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
obj.__lookupSetter__(sprop)
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`sprop`</dt><dd>A string containing the name of the property whose setter should be returned.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


The function bound as a setter to the specified property.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


If a setter has been defined for an object&#39;s property, it was not possible to reference the setter function through that property, because that property refers to the return value of that function.`__lookupSetter__`can be used to obtain a reference to the setter function.



It is now possible to do this in a standardized way using[`Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`]44169 "The Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor() method returns a property descriptor for an own property (that is, one directly present on an object and not in the object's prototype chain) of a given object.").


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var obj = {
  set foo(value) {
    this.bar = value;
  }
};


// Non-standard and deprecated way
obj.__lookupSetter__('foo')
// (function(value) { this.bar = value; })


// Standard-compliant way
Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor(obj, 'foo').set;
// (function(value) { this.bar = value; })
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript Latest Draft (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Object.prototype.__lookupSetter__()&#39; in that specification.</small>]45127 "") | Draft | Included in the (normative) annex for additional ECMAScript legacy features for Web browsers (note that the specification codifies what is already in implementations). 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Object.prototype.__lookupGetter__()`]42588 "The __lookupGetter__ method returns the function bound as a getter to the specified property.")
* [`set`]40949 "The set syntax binds an object property to a function to be called when there is an attempt to set that property.")operator
* [`Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor()`]44169 "The Object.getOwnPropertyDescriptor() method returns a property descriptor for an own property (that is, one directly present on an object and not in the object's prototype chain) of a given object.")and[`Object.getPrototypeOf()`]43658 "The Object.getPrototypeOf() method returns the prototype (i.e. the value of the internal [[Prototype]] property) of the specified object.")
* [`Object.prototype.__defineGetter__()`]42586 "The __defineGetter__ method binds an object's property to a function to be called when that property is looked up.")
* [`Object.prototype.__defineSetter__()`]42587 "The __defineSetter__ method binds an object's property to a function to be called when an attempt is made to set that property.")
* [JS Guide: Defining Getters and Setters]43409 "")



