---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/percentage
---





The**`<percentage>`**[CSS]427 "")[data type]27786 "")represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element&#39;s parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area."),[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area."),[`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left."),[`padding`]29242 "The padding CSS property sets the padding area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual paddings at once: padding-top, padding-right, padding-bottom, and padding-left."), and[`font-size`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units.").

**Note:**Only calculated values can be inherited. Thus, even if a percentage value is used on the parent property, a real value (such as a width in pixels for a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")value) will be accessible on the inherited property, not the percentage value.

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`<percentage>`data type consists of a[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")followed by the percentage sign (`%`). Optionally, it may be preceded by a single`+`or`-`sign, although negative values are not valid for all properties. As with all CSS dimensions, there is no space between the symbol and the number.


## Interpolation<a name="Interpolation"></a>


When animated, values of the`<percentage>`data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers. The speed of the interpolation is determined by the[timing function]28336 "")associated with the animation.


## **Examples**<a name="Examples"></a>

### Width and margin-left<a name="Width_and_margin-left"></a>

```
<div style="background-color:blue;">
  <div style="width:50%; margin-left:20%; background-color:lime;">
    Width: 50%, Left margin: 20%
  </div>
  <div style="width:30%; margin-left:60%; background-color:pink;">
    Width: 30%, Left margin: 60%
  </div>
</div>
```


The above HTML will output:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/percentage$samples/Width_and_margin-left?revision=1355292' width='600' height='140'></iframe>



### Font-size<a name="Font-size"></a>

```
<div style="font-size:18px;">
  <p>Full-size text (18px)</p>
  <p><span style="font-size:50%;">50%</span></p>
  <p><span style="font-size:200%;">200%</span></p>
</div>
```


The above HTML will output:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/percentage$samples/Font-size?revision=1355292' width='auto' height='160'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Values and Units Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;percentage&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]31588 "") | Candidate Recommendation | No significant change from CSS Level 2 (Revision 1). 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;percentage&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]31589 "") | Recommendation | No change from CSS Level 1. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;percentage&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]31590 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd></dl>



