---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/column-rule-width
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]29510 "")。





## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The`column-rule-width`CSS property lets you set the width of the rule drawn between columns in multi-column layouts.


[初始值]28302 "") | `medium` 
适用元素 | multicol elements 
[是否是继承属性]28299 "") | 否 
适用媒体 | visual 
[计算值]28304 "") | the absolute length;`0`if the[`column-rule-style`]27895 "The column-rule-style CSS property lets you set the style of the rule drawn between columns in multi-column layouts.")is`none`or`hidden` 
Animation type | a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.") 
正规顺序 | per grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
Formal syntax: <'border-width'>

```

```
/* Keyword values */
column-rule-width: thin;
column-rule-width: medium;
column-rule-width: thick;

/* Length values */
column-rule-width: 1px;
column-rule-width: 2.5em;

column-rule-width: inherit;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>&lt;br-width&gt;</dt><dd>Is a[`<length>`]23746 "是表示距离尺寸的一种css数据格式。它由一个 <number> 后紧随一个长度单位（px，em，pt，in，mm，...）组成。和任何 CSS 尺寸一样，数字和单位之间没有空格。<number> 0之后的长度单位是可选的。")or one of the`thin`,`medium`or`thick`keyword describing the width of the rule separating two columns.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Examples"></a>

```
#header {column-rule-width: thick;}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Multi-column Layout Module<br></br><small>column-rule-width</small>]29511 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | (Yes)[-webkit]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-webkit' as this browser considers it experimental") | 3.5 (1.9.1)[-moz]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-moz' as this browser considers it experimental") | 10 | 11.1 | 3.0 (522)[-webkit]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-webkit' as this browser considers it experimental") 






