---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/reciprocalSqrtApproximation
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46182 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42558 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.reciprocalSqrtApproximation()`**method returns a new instance with an approximation of the reciprocal value (`1 / x`) of the square root ([`Math.sqrt()`]41536 "The Math.sqrt() function returns the square root of a number, that is")) of the lane values.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.reciprocalSqrtApproximation(t)
SIMD.Float64x2.reciprocalSqrtApproximation(t)
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>t</dt><dd>An instance of a corresponding SIMD type.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A new corresponding SIMD data type with the reciprocal (`1 / x`) of the square root ([`Math.sqrt()`]41536 "The Math.sqrt() function returns the square root of a number, that is")) of the values.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The`SIMD.%type%.reciprocalSqrtApproximation()`is an approximation of the reciprocal of the square root of the lane values. This means that an estimation of the reciprocal of a number is calculated and that there can be a small amount of error. The[Newton-Raphson division]46178 ""), for example, is one of the fast division methods that calculates an estimation. See also this[ARM/NEON FAQ article]46179 "").


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var a = SIMD.Float32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Float32x4.reciprocalSqrtApproximation(a);
// Float32x4[1, 0.7071067690849304, 0.5773502588272095, 0.5]

var b = SIMD.Float64x2(0, Infinity);
SIMD.Float64x2.reciprocalSqrtApproximation(b);
// Float64x2[Infinity, 0]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.reciprocalSqrtApproximation&#39; in that specification.</small>]46183 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



