---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/gitk
---


## NAME<a name="_name"></a>


gitk - The Git repository browser





## SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
gitk [<options>] [<revision range>] [--] [<path>…​]
```




## DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


Displays changes in a repository or a selected set of commits. This includes visualizing the commit graph, showing information related to each commit, and the files in the trees of each revision.





## OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>


To control which revisions to show, gitk supports most options applicable to the<em>git rev-list</em>command. It also supports a few options applicable to the<em>git diff-*</em>commands to control how the changes each commit introduces are shown. Finally, it supports some gitk-specific options.




gitk generally only understands options with arguments in the<em>sticked</em>form (see[gitcli[7]](%5215  "")) due to limitations in the command-line parser.



### rev-list options and arguments<a name="_rev_list_options_and_arguments"></a>


This manual page describes only the most frequently used options. See[git-rev-list[1]](%2318  "")for a complete list.


<dl><dt id='gitk---all'>--all</dt><dd>

Show all refs (branches, tags, etc.).

</dd><dt id='gitk---branchesltpatterngt'>--branches[=&lt;pattern&gt;]</dt><dt id='gitk---tagsltpatterngt'>--tags[=&lt;pattern&gt;]</dt><dt id='gitk---remotesltpatterngt'>--remotes[=&lt;pattern&gt;]</dt><dd>

Pretend as if all the branches (tags, remote branches, resp.) are listed on the command line as<em>&lt;commit&gt;</em>. If<em>&lt;pattern&gt;</em>is given, limit refs to ones matching given shell glob. If pattern lacks<em>?</em>,<em>*</em>, or<em>[</em>,<em>/*</em>at the end is implied.

</dd><dt id='gitk---sinceltdategt'>--since=&lt;date&gt;</dt><dd>

Show commits more recent than a specific date.

</dd><dt id='gitk---untilltdategt'>--until=&lt;date&gt;</dt><dd>

Show commits older than a specific date.

</dd><dt id='gitk---date-order'>--date-order</dt><dd>

Sort commits by date when possible.

</dd><dt id='gitk---merge'>--merge</dt><dd>

After an attempt to merge stops with conflicts, show the commits on the history between two branches (i.e. the HEAD and the MERGE_HEAD) that modify the conflicted files and do not exist on all the heads being merged.

</dd><dt id='gitk---left-right'>--left-right</dt><dd>

Mark which side of a symmetric difference a commit is reachable from. Commits from the left side are prefixed with a`<`symbol and those from the right with a`>`symbol.

</dd><dt id='gitk---full-history'>--full-history</dt><dd>

When filtering history with<em>&lt;path&gt;…​</em>, does not prune some history. (See &quot;History simplification&quot; in[git-log[1]](%2264  "")for a more detailed explanation.)

</dd><dt id='gitk---simplify-merges'>--simplify-merges</dt><dd>

Additional option to`--full-history`to remove some needless merges from the resulting history, as there are no selected commits contributing to this merge. (See &quot;History simplification&quot; in[git-log[1]](%2264  "")for a more detailed explanation.)

</dd><dt id='gitk---ancestry-path'>--ancestry-path</dt><dd>

When given a range of commits to display (e.g.<em>commit1..commit2</em>or<em>commit2 ^commit1</em>), only display commits that exist directly on the ancestry chain between the<em>commit1</em>and<em>commit2</em>, i.e. commits that are both descendants of<em>commit1</em>, and ancestors of<em>commit2</em>. (See &quot;History simplification&quot; in[git-log[1]](%2264  "")for a more detailed explanation.)

</dd><dt id='gitk--Lltstartgtltendgtltfilegt'>-L&lt;start&gt;,&lt;end&gt;:&lt;file&gt;</dt><dt id='gitk--Lltfuncnamegtltfilegt'>-L:&lt;funcname&gt;:&lt;file&gt;</dt><dd>

Trace the evolution of the line range given by &quot;&lt;start&gt;,&lt;end&gt;&quot; (or the function name regex &lt;funcname&gt;) within the &lt;file&gt;. You may not give any pathspec limiters. This is currently limited to a walk starting from a single revision, i.e., you may only give zero or one positive revision arguments. You can specify this option more than once.



**Note:**gitk (unlike[git-log[1]](%2264  "")) currently only understands this option if you specify it &quot;glued together&quot; with its argument. Do**not**put a space after`-L`.




&lt;start&gt; and &lt;end&gt; can take one of these forms:



* number



If &lt;start&gt; or &lt;end&gt; is a number, it specifies an absolute line number (lines count from 1).
* /regex/



This form will use the first line matching the given POSIX regex. If &lt;start&gt; is a regex, it will search from the end of the previous`-L`range, if any, otherwise from the start of file. If &lt;start&gt; is “^/regex/”, it will search from the start of file. If &lt;end&gt; is a regex, it will search starting at the line given by &lt;start&gt;.
* +offset or -offset



This is only valid for &lt;end&gt; and will specify a number of lines before or after the line given by &lt;start&gt;.



If “:&lt;funcname&gt;” is given in place of &lt;start&gt; and &lt;end&gt;, it is a regular expression that denotes the range from the first funcname line that matches &lt;funcname&gt;, up to the next funcname line. “:&lt;funcname&gt;” searches from the end of the previous`-L`range, if any, otherwise from the start of file. “^:&lt;funcname&gt;” searches from the start of file.


</dd></dl>
<dl><dt id='gitk-ltrevisionrangegt'>&lt;revision range&gt;</dt><dd>

Limit the revisions to show. This can be either a single revision meaning show from the given revision and back, or it can be a range in the form &quot;<em>&lt;from&gt;</em>..<em>&lt;to&gt;</em>&quot; to show all revisions between<em>&lt;from&gt;</em>and back to<em>&lt;to&gt;</em>. Note, more advanced revision selection can be applied. For a more complete list of ways to spell object names, see[gitrevisions[7]](%2288  "").

</dd><dt id='gitk-ltpathgt82308203'>&lt;path&gt;…​</dt><dd>

Limit commits to the ones touching files in the given paths. Note, to avoid ambiguity with respect to revision names use &quot;--&quot; to separate the paths from any preceding options.

</dd></dl>


### gitk-specific options<a name="_gitk_specific_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='gitk---argscmdltcommandgt'>--argscmd=&lt;command&gt;</dt><dd>

Command to be run each time gitk has to determine the revision range to show. The command is expected to print on its standard output a list of additional revisions to be shown, one per line. Use this instead of explicitly specifying a<em>&lt;revision range&gt;</em>if the set of commits to show may vary between refreshes.

</dd><dt id='gitk---select-commitltrefgt'>--select-commit=&lt;ref&gt;</dt><dd>

Select the specified commit after loading the graph. Default behavior is equivalent to specifying<em>--select-commit=HEAD</em>.

</dd></dl>




## Examples<a name="_examples"></a>
<dl><dt id='gitk-gitkv2612includescsidriversscsi'>gitk v2.6.12.. include/scsi drivers/scsi</dt><dd>

Show the changes since version<em>v2.6.12</em>that changed any file in the include/scsi or drivers/scsi subdirectories

</dd><dt id='gitk-gitk--since2weeksago--gitk'>gitk --since=&quot;2 weeks ago&quot; -- gitk</dt><dd>

Show the changes during the last two weeks to the file<em>gitk</em>. The &quot;--&quot; is necessary to avoid confusion with the**branch**named<em>gitk</em>

</dd><dt id='gitk-gitk--max-count100--all--Makefile'>gitk --max-count=100 --all -- Makefile</dt><dd>

Show at most 100 changes made to the file<em>Makefile</em>. Instead of only looking for changes in the current branch look in all branches.

</dd></dl>



## Files<a name="_files"></a>


User configuration and preferences are stored at:



* <em>$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/git/gitk</em>if it exists, otherwise
* <em>$HOME/.gitk</em>if it exists



If neither of the above exist then<em>$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/git/gitk</em>is created and used by default. If<em>$XDG_CONFIG_HOME</em>is not set it defaults to<em>$HOME/.config</em>in all cases.





## History<a name="_history"></a>


Gitk was the first graphical repository browser. It’s written in tcl/tk.




<em>gitk</em>is actually maintained as an independent project, but stable versions are distributed as part of the Git suite for the convenience of end users.




gitk-git/ comes from Paul Mackerras’s gitk project:



```
git://ozlabs.org/~paulus/gitk
```





## SEE ALSO<a name="_see_also"></a>
<dl><dt id='gitk-emqgit1em'><em>qgit(1)</em></dt><dd>

A repository browser written in C++ using Qt.

</dd><dt id='gitk-emtig1em'><em>tig(1)</em></dt><dd>

A minimal repository browser and Git tool output highlighter written in C using Ncurses.

</dd></dl>



## GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





