---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLTableSectionElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13456 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13457 "")版。</bdi>






The**`HTMLTableSectionElement`**interface provides special properties and methods (beyond the[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of sections, that is headers, footers and bodies, in an HTML table.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLTableSectionElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1374139' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLTableSectionElement.align`]13458 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing an enumerated value reflecting the`[align]13438 "")`attribute. It indicates the alignment of the element&#39;s contents with respect to the surrounding context. The possible values are`"left"`,`"right"`, and`"center"`.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTableSectionElement.rows`]13459 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a live[`HTMLCollection`]8677 "The HTMLCollection interface represents a generic collection (array-like object similar to arguments) of elements (in document order) and offers methods and properties for selecting from the list.")containing the rows in the section. The`HTMLCollection`is live and is automatically updated when rows are added or removed.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTableSectionElement.ch`]13460 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing one single chararcter. This character is the one to align all the cell of a column on. It reflects the`[char]13442 "")`and default to the decimal points associated with the language, e.g.`'.'`for English, or`','`for French. This property was optional and was not very well supported.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTableSectionElement.chOff`]13461 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing a integer indicating how many characters must be left at the right (for left-to-right scripts; or at the left for right-to-left scripts) of the character defined by`HTMLTableRowElement.ch`. This property was optional and was not very well supported.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTableSectionElement.vAlign`]13462 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing an enumerated value indicating how the content of the cell must be vertically aligned. It reflects the`[valign]13447 "")`attribute and can have one of the following values:`"top"`,`"middle"`,`"bottom"`, or`"baseline"`.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")</em>.

<dl><dt>[`HTMLTableSectionElement.deleteRow()`]13463 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Removes the cell at the given position in the section. If the given position is greater (or equal as it starts at zero) than the amount of rows in the section, or is smaller than`0`, it raises a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with the`IndexSizeError`value.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTableSectionElement.insertRow()`]13464 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Inserts a new row just before the given position in the section. If the given position is not given or is`-1`, it appends the row to the end of section. If the given position is greater (or equal as it starts at zero) than the amount of rows in the section, or is smaller than`-1`, it raises a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with the`IndexSizeError`value.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTableSectionElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13465 "") | Living Standard | No change from[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification"). 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTableSectionElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13466 "") | Recommendation | The parameter of`insertCell`is now optional. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTableSectionElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13467 "") | Obsolete | The methods`insertRow`and`deleteRow`can raise exceptions. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTableSectionElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13468 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`align`]13469 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`ch`]13470 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`chOff`]13471 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`deleteRow`]13472 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`insertRow`]13473 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`rows`]13474 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`vAlign`]13475 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML elements implementing this interface:[`<tfoot>`]13313 "The HTML <tfoot> element defines a set of rows summarizing the columns of the table."),[`<thead>`]13311 "The HTML <thead> element defines a set of rows defining the head of the columns of the table."), and[`<tbody>`]13312 "The HTML Table Body element (<tbody>) encapsulates a set of table row (<tr> elements, indicating that they comprise the body of the table (<table>).").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[arronei]3893 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[EPolin]13476 ""),[rexona]13477 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:49:47 AM</time>


