---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLTitleElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13515 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13516 "")版。</bdi>






The**`HTMLTitleElement`**interface contains the title for a document. This element inherits all of the properties and methods of the[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")interface.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLTitleElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1374124' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLTitleElement.text`]13517 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the text of the document&#39;s title.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTitleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13518 "") | Living Standard | No change from latest snapshot,[HTML 5.1]11883 "The 'HTML 5.1' specification"). 
[HTML 5.1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTitleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13519 "") | Recommendation | No change from[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification") 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTitleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13520 "") | Recommendation | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification]12146 "The 'Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification' specification"). 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTitleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13521 "") | Obsolete | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification]4414 "The 'Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification' specification"). 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTitleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13522 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`text`]13523 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<title>`]13524 "The HTML Title element (<title>) defines the title of the document, shown in a browser's title bar or on the page's tab.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[slimsag]12151 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[ethertank]65 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jürgen Jeka]12870 ""),[ThomasACorey]12871 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:41:17 AM</time>


