---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLTrackElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13525 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13526 "")版。</bdi>






The**`HTMLTrackElement`**

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLTrackElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1374142' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLTrackElement.kind`]13527 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[kind]13528 "")`HTML attribute, indicating how the text track is meant to be used. Possible values are: subtitles, captions, descriptions, chapters, metadata.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTrackElement.src`]13529 "The HTMLTrackElement.src property reflects the value of the <track> element's src attribute, which indicates the URL of the text track's data.")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[src]13530 "")`HTML attribute, indicating the address of the text track data.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTrackElement.srclang`]13531 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[srclang]13532 "")`HTML attribute, indicating the language of the text track data.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTrackElement.label`]13533 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[label]13534 "")`HTML attribute, indicating a user-readable title for the track.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTrackElement.default`]13535 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")reflects the`[default]13536 "")`HTML attribute, indicating that the track is to be enabled if the user&#39;s preferences do not indicate that another track would be more appropriate.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTrackElement.readyState`]13537 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an`unsigned short`that show the readiness state of the track:Constant | Value | Description 
`NONE` | 0 | Indicates that the text track&#39;s cues have not been obtained. 
`LOADING` | 1 | Indicates that the text track is loading and there have been no fatal errors encountered so far. Further cues might still be added to the track by the parser. 
`LOADED` | 2 | Indicates that the text track has been loaded with no fatal errors. 
`ERROR` | 3 | Indicates that the text track was enabled, but when the user agent attempted to obtain it, this failed in some way. Some or all of the cues are likely missing and will not be obtained. 

</dd><dt>[`HTMLTrackElement.track`]13538 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns[`TextTrack`]13539 "This interface also inherits properties from EventTarget.")is the track element&#39;s text track data.</dd></dl>`track`Read only | [`TextTrack`]13539 "This interface also inherits properties from EventTarget.") | The track element&#39;s text track data. 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTrackElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13540 "") | Living Standard | No change from[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification"). 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTrackElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13541 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`default`]13542 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`kind`]13543 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`label`]13544 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`readyState`]13545 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`src`]13546 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`srclang`]13547 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`track`]13548 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<track>`]13549 "The HTML <track> element is used as a child of the media elements <audio> and <video>. It lets you specify timed text tracks (or time-based data), for example to automatically handle subtitles. The tracks are formatted in WebVTT format (.vtt files) — Web Video Text Tracks.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [HTMLTrackElement]13550 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsNewLayout]12268 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[arronei]3893 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[David_Gilbertson]13551 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[rillian]13552 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[KyleBarnhart]13553 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:54:07 AM</time>


