---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/IDBCursor
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]13655 "")。






The`IDBCursor`interface of the[IndexedDB API]13656 "")represents a[cursor]13657 "")for traversing or iterating over multiple records in a database.



The cursor has a source that indicates which index or object store it is iterating over. It has a position within the range, and moves in a direction that is increasing or decreasing in the order of record keys. The cursor enables an application to asynchronously process all the records in the cursor&#39;s range.



You can have an unlimited number of cursors at the same time. You always get the same`IDBCursor`object representing a given cursor. Operations are performed on the underlying index or object store.


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`IDBCursor.advance`]13658 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Sets the number times a cursor should move its position forward.</dd><dt>[`IDBCursor.continue`]13659 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Advances the cursor to the next position along its direction, to the item whose key matches the optional`key`parameter.</dd><dt>[`IDBCursor.delete`]13660 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Returns an[`IDBRequest`]2829 "该request对象初始时不包括任何关于操作结果的信息，当request上的事件触发时，可以通过IDBRequest实例上的事件处理函数访问相关信息。")object, and, in a separate thread, deletes the record at the cursor&#39;s position, without changing the cursor&#39;s position. This can be used to delete specific records.</dd><dt>[`IDBCursor.update`]13661 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Returns an[`IDBRequest`]2829 "该request对象初始时不包括任何关于操作结果的信息，当request上的事件触发时，可以通过IDBRequest实例上的事件处理函数访问相关信息。")object, and, in a separate thread, updates the value at the current position of the cursor in the object store. This can be used to update specific records.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`IDBCursor.source`]13662 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns the[`IDBObjectStore`]2826 "IDBObjectStore接口描述了一个数据库中的“对象存储空间”。对象存储空间中的按照对象的键存储着不同的记录。这样的存储方式可以快速插入、查询、和有序检索。")or[`IDBIndex`]2821 "你可以通过记录的键或使用一个index取回一个object store中的这些记录 (cursors 提供了第三种方式：请见 IDBCursor)。An index lets you look up records in an object store using properties of the values in the object stores records.")that the cursor is iterating. This function never returns null or throws an exception, even if the cursor is currently being iterated, has iterated past its end, or its transaction is not active.</dd><dt>[`IDBCursor.direction`]13663 "用一个字符串(defined by the IDBCursorDirection enum) 表示游标的遍历方向。相关取值如下表所示:")只读</dt><dd>Returns the direction of traversal of the cursor. See[Constants]13664 "")for possible values.</dd><dt>[`IDBCursor.key`]13665 "任意类型")只读</dt><dd>Returns the key for the record at the cursor&#39;s position. If the cursor is outside its range, this is set to`undefined`. The cursor&#39;s key can be any data type.</dd><dt>[`IDBCursor.primaryKey`]13666 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns the cursor&#39;s current effective primary key. If the cursor is currently being iterated or has iterated outside its range, this is set to`undefined`. The cursor&#39;s primary key can be any data type.</dd></dl>
## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


**已废弃 Gecko 25 (Firefox 25 / Thunderbird 25 / SeaMonkey 2.22)**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.





These constants are no longer available. You should use the string constants directly instead. ([bug 891944]13667 "FIXED: Move IDBCursor to WebIDL"))



* `NEXT`:`"next"`: The cursor shows all records, including duplicates. It starts at the lower bound of the key range and moves upwards (monotonically increasing in the order of keys).
* `NEXTUNIQUE`:`"nextunique"`: The cursor shows all records, excluding duplicates. If multiple records exist with the same key, only the first one iterated is retrieved. It starts at the lower bound of the key range and moves upwards.
* `PREV`:`"prev"`: The cursor shows all records, including duplicates. It starts at the upper bound of the key range and moves downwards (monotonically decreasing in the order of keys).
* `PREVUNIQUE`:`"prevunique"`: The cursor shows all records, excluding duplicates. If multiple records exist with the same key, only the first one iterated is retrieved. It starts at the upper bound of the key range and moves downwards.

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In this simple fragment we create a transaction, retrieve an object store, then use a cursor to iterate through all the records in the object store. The cursor does not require us to select the data based on a key; we can just grab all of it. Also note that in each iteration of the loop, you can grab data from the current record under the cursor object using`cursor.value.foo`. For a complete working example, see our[IDBCursor example]13668 "")([view example live]13669 "").)


```
function displayData() {
  var transaction = db.transaction(['rushAlbumList'], "readonly");
  var objectStore = transaction.objectStore('rushAlbumList');

  objectStore.openCursor().onsuccess = function(event) {
    var cursor = event.target.result;
    if(cursor) {
      var listItem = document.createElement('li');
      listItem.innerHTML = cursor.value.albumTitle + ', ' + cursor.value.year;
      list.appendChild(listItem);  

      cursor.continue();
    } else {
      console.log('Entries all displayed.');
    }
  };
};
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Indexed Database API<br></br><small>cursor</small>]13670 "") | Recommendation |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 23[webkit]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'webkit' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>24 | 10[moz]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'moz' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>[16.0]4098 "Released on 2012-10-09.")(16.0) | 10, partial | 15 | 7.1 





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using IndexedDB]13671 "")
* Starting transactions:[`IDBDatabase`]2814 "继承自: EventTarget")
* Using transactions:[`IDBTransaction`]2830 "Note that as of Firefox 40, IndexedDB transactions have relaxed durability guarantees to increase performance (see bug 1112702.) Previously in a readwrite transaction IDBTransaction.oncomplete was fired only when all data was guaranteed to have been flushed to disk. In Firefox 40+ the complete event is fired after the OS has been told to write the data but potentially before that data has actually been flushed to disk. The complete event may thus be delivered quicker than before, however, there exists a small chance that the entire transaction will be lost if the OS crashes or there is a loss of system power before the data is flushed to disk. Since such catastrophic events are rare most consumers should not need to concern themselves further.")
* Setting a range of keys:[`IDBKeyRange`]2823 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")
* Retrieving and making changes to your data:[`IDBObjectStore`]2826 "IDBObjectStore接口描述了一个数据库中的“对象存储空间”。对象存储空间中的按照对象的键存储着不同的记录。这样的存储方式可以快速插入、查询、和有序检索。")
* Using cursors:[`IDBCursor`]2811 "The IDBCursor interface of the IndexedDB API represents a cursor for traversing or iterating over multiple records in a database.")
* Reference example:[To-do Notifications]13672 "")([view example live]13673 "").)



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[teoli]160 ""),<time>Feb 24, 2015, 5:29:50 PM</time>


