---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/IDBCursorWithValue
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13693 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13694 "")版。</bdi>










The**`IDBCursorWithValue`**interface of the[IndexedDB API]13656 "")represents a[cursor]13657 "")for traversing or iterating over multiple records in a database. It is the same as the[`IDBCursor`]13695 "The IDBCursor interface of the IndexedDB API represents a cursor for traversing or iterating over multiple records in a database."), except that it includes the`value`property.



The cursor has a source that indicates which index or object store it is iterating over. It has a position within the range, and moves in a direction that is increasing or decreasing in the order of record keys. The cursor enables an application to asynchronously process all the records in the cursor&#39;s range.



You can have an unlimited number of cursors at the same time. You always get the same`IDBCursorWithValue`object representing a given cursor. Operations are performed on the underlying index or object store.

**Note:**This feature is available in[Web Workers]4334 "").
<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/IDBCursorWithValue$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1363526' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


Inherits methods from its parent interface,[`IDBCursor`]13695 "The IDBCursor interface of the IndexedDB API represents a cursor for traversing or iterating over multiple records in a database.").


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


Inherits properties from its parent interface,[`IDBCursor`]13695 "The IDBCursor interface of the IndexedDB API represents a cursor for traversing or iterating over multiple records in a database.").

<dl><dt>[`IDBCursorWithValue.value`]13696 "The value of the current cursor.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the value of the current cursor.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In this example we create a transaction, retrieve an object store, then use a cursor to iterate through all the records in the object store. The cursor does not require us to select the data based on a key; we can just grab all of it. Also note that in each iteration of the loop, you can grab data from the current record under the cursor object using`cursor.value.foo`. For a complete working example, see our[IDBCursor example]13668 "")([view example live]13669 "").)


```
function displayData() {
  var transaction = db.transaction(['rushAlbumList'], "readonly");
  var objectStore = transaction.objectStore('rushAlbumList');

  objectStore.openCursor().onsuccess = function(event) {
    var cursor = event.target.result;
    if(cursor) {
      var listItem = document.createElement('li');
      listItem.innerHTML = cursor.value.albumTitle + ', ' + cursor.value.year;
      list.appendChild(listItem);  

      cursor.continue();
    } else {
      console.log('Entries all displayed.');
    }
  };
};
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Indexed Database API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;IDBCursorWithValue&#39; in that specification.</small>]13697 "") | Recommendation |  
[Indexed Database API 2.0<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;IDBCursorWithValue&#39; in that specification.</small>]13698 "") | Recommendation |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
Available in workers | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`value`]13699 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using IndexedDB]13671 "")
* Starting transactions:[`IDBDatabase`]13700 "The IDBDatabase interface of the IndexedDB API provides a connection to a database; you can use an IDBDatabase object to open a transaction on your database then create, manipulate, and delete objects (data) in that database. The interface provides the only way to get and manage versions of the database.")
* Using transactions:[`IDBTransaction`]13701 "Note that as of Firefox 40, IndexedDB transactions have relaxed durability guarantees to increase performance (see bug 1112702.) Previously in a readwrite transaction IDBTransaction.oncomplete was fired only when all data was guaranteed to have been flushed to disk. In Firefox 40+ the complete event is fired after the OS has been told to write the data but potentially before that data has actually been flushed to disk. The complete event may thus be delivered quicker than before, however, there exists a small chance that the entire transaction will be lost if the OS crashes or there is a loss of system power before the data is flushed to disk. Since such catastrophic events are rare most consumers should not need to concern themselves further.")
* Setting a range of keys:[`IDBKeyRange`]13702 "A key range can be a single value or a range with upper and lower bounds or endpoints. If the key range has both upper and lower bounds, then it is bounded; if it has no bounds, it is unbounded. A bounded key range can either be open (the endpoints are excluded) or closed (the endpoints are included). To retrieve all keys within a certain range, you can use the following code constructs:")
* Retrieving and making changes to your data:[`IDBObjectStore`]13703 "This example shows a variety of different uses of object stores, from updating the data structure with IDBObjectStore.createIndex inside an onupgradeneeded function, to adding a new item to our object store with IDBObjectStore.add. For a full working example, see our To-do Notifications app (view example live.)")
* Using cursors:[`IDBCursor`]13695 "The IDBCursor interface of the IndexedDB API represents a cursor for traversing or iterating over multiple records in a database.")
* Reference example:[To-do Notifications]13672 "")([view example live]13673 "").)



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Database]13704 "")
* [DOM Reference]6350 "")
* [IDBCursorWithValue]13705 "")
* [IndexedDB]13706 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Storage]4710 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[arronei]3893 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[pdm]13691 ""),[amaneight]13692 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[ethertank]65 ""),[madarche]6765 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 2, 2018, 2:41:34 AM</time>


