---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/IDBDatabaseException
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13734 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13735 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete:**This interface was removed from the specification and was replaced by usage of[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.").




In the[IndexedDB API]13676 "en/IndexedDB"), an`IDBDatabaseException`object represents exception conditions that can be encountered while performing database operations.


## Attributes<a name="Attributes"></a>
Attribute | Type | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
 | `unsigned short` | The most appropriate error code for the condition. 
 | `DOMString` | Error message describing the exception raised. 


## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
**Note:**Do not rely on the numeric values of the constants, which might change as the specifications continue to change. Use the constant names instead.
Constant | Value | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`` | `8` | A request was aborted, for example, through a call to[`IDBTransaction.abort`]13736 "en/IndexedDB/IDBTransaction#abort"). 
`` | `4` | A mutation operation in the transaction failed because a constraint was not satisfied. For example, an object, such as an object store or index, already exists and a request attempted to create a new one. 
`` | `5` | Data provided to an operation does not meet requirements. 
`` | `2` | An operation was not allowed on an object. Unless the cause of the error is corrected, retrying the same operation would result in failure. 
`` | `6` | An operation was called on an object where it is not allowed or at a time when it is not allowed. It also occurs if a request is made on a source object that has been deleted or removed.



More specific variants of this error includes:`TRANSACTION_INACTIVE_ERR`and`READ_ONLY_ERR`. 
`` | `3` | The operation failed because the requested database object could not be found; for example, an object store did not exist but was being opened. 
`` | `11` | Either there&#39;s not enough remaining storage space or the storage quota was reached and the user declined to give more space to the database. 
`` | `9` | A mutation operation was attempted in a`READ_ONLY`transaction. 
`` | `10` | A lock for the transaction could not be obtained in a reasonable time. 
 | `7` | A request was made against a transaction that is either not currently active or is already finished. 
`` | `1` | The operation failed for reasons unrelated to the database itself, and it is not covered by any other error code--for example, a failure due to disk IO errors. 
`` | `12` | A request to open a database with a version lower than the one it already has. This can only happen with[`IDBOpenDBRequest`]13737 "en/IndexedDB/IDBOpenDBRequest"). 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>4 — 14 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>4 — 14 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[pdm]13691 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[mnoorenberghe]13738 ""),[grendel]7253 ""),[kathyw]13739 ""),[jswisher]11168 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 9, 2018, 2:21:34 AM</time>


