---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/IDBFactorySync
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%13779 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%13780 "")版。</bdi>






**Draft**<br></br>This page is not complete.




**Important**: The synchronous version of the IndexedDB API was originally intended for use only with[Web Workers](%4706 ""), and was eventually removed from the spec because its need was questionable. It may however be reintroduced in the future if there is enough demand from web developers.




The`IDBFactorySync`interface of the[IndexedDB API](%13676 "en/IndexedDB")provide a synchronous means of accessing the capabilities of indexed databases.


## Method overview<a name="Method_overview"></a>
`[IDBDatabaseSync](%13781 "en/IndexedDB/IDBDatabaseSync")[open](%13782 "#open")(in DOMString name, in DOMString description, in optional boolean modifyDatabase) raises ([IDBDatabaseException](%13680 "en/IndexedDB/IDBDatabaseException"));` 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>

### open()<a name="open"></a>


Opens and returns a[connection to a database](%13742 "en/IndexedDB#gloss database connection"). Blocks the calling thread until the connection object is ready to return. If there is already a database with the specified name, it uses that one; otherwise, it creates the database using the specified name and description.


```
IDBDatabaseSync open (
  in DOMString name, 
  in DOMString description
) raises (IDBDatabaseException);
```

##### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt>name</dt><dd>The name for the database.</dd><dt>description</dt><dd>The description for the database.</dd></dl>
##### Returns<a name="Returns"></a>
<dl><dt>`[IDBDatabaseSync](%13781 "en/IndexedDB/DatabaseSync")`</dt><dd>An object to access the open database.</dd></dl>
##### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>


This method can raise an IDBDatabaseException with the following codes:

<dl><dt>`[NON_TRANSIENT_ERR](%13783 "en/IndexedDB/DatabaseException#NON TRANSIENT ERR")`</dt><dd>If the`name`parameter is not valid. A valid name is any string including the empty string.</dd><dt>`[UNKNOWN_ERR](%13784 "en/IndexedDB/DatabaseException#UNKNOWN ERR")`</dt><dd>If an error occurs while the database is being opened.</dd></dl>


## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Experimental](%3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)](%4792 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [Obsolete](%5507 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Référence(2)](%3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 ""),[fscholz](%60 ""),[teoli](%160 ""),[pdm](%13691 ""),[khushboo_Dwivedi](%13771 ""),[jswisher](%11168 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 ""),<time>Apr 23, 2015, 11:58:01 PM</time>


