---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/IDBMutableFile
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13854 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13855 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.



## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The`IDBMutableFile`interface provides access in read or write mode to a file, dealing with all the necessary locks.



**Note**: This interface used to be called`FileHandle`, but it was changed to this ([bug 1006485]13856 "FIXED: FileHandle: Rename FileHandle to MutableFile and LockedFile to FileHandle").)




As`IDBMutableFile`objects are bound to a fake file system built on top of IndexedDB, such an object is created using the[`IDBDatabase.createMutableFile`]13857 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")method.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MutableFile.name`]13858 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>The name of the handled file.</dd><dt>[`MutableFile.type`]13859 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>The MIME type of the handled file.</dd></dl>
### Events Handler<a name="Events_Handler"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MutableFile.onabort`]13860 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>The`[abort]8729 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/abort")`event is triggered each time the handled file is aborted.</dd><dt>[`MutableFile.onerror`]13861 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>The`[error]8746 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/error")`event is triggered each time something goes wrong.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MutableFile.open()`]13862 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`LockedFile`]13863 "The LockedFile interface provides tools to deal with a given file with all the necessary locks.")object to read or write the associated file safely.</dd><dt>[`MutableFile.getFile()`]13864 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMRequest`]13865 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")object. In case of success, the request&#39;s result is a[`File`]6863 "The File interface provides information about files and allows JavaScript in a web page to access their content.")object representing a snapshot of the handled file.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification at present.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`LockedFile`]13863 "The LockedFile interface provides tools to deal with a given file with all the necessary locks.")
* [`File`]6863 "The File interface provides information about files and allows JavaScript in a web page to access their content.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[teoli]160 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Jeremie]4470 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[pbmj5233]13866 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[teoli]160 ""),<time>Aug 12, 2016, 7:04:38 AM</time>


