---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/IDBTransactionSync
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13947 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13948 "")版。</bdi>






**Draft**<br></br>This page is not complete.




**Important**: The synchronous version of the IndexedDB API was originally intended for use only with[Web Workers]4706 ""), and was eventually removed from the spec because its need was questionable. It may however be reintroduced in the future if there is enough demand from web developers.




The`IDBTransactionSync`interface of the[IndexedDB API]13676 "en/IndexedDB")provides a synchronous[transaction]13949 "en/IndexedDB#gloss transaction")on a database. When an application creates an IDBTransactionSync object, it blocks until the browser is able to reserve the require database objects.


## Method overview<a name="Method_overview"></a>
`void[abort](%2831#abort "#abort")() raises ([IDBDatabaseException]13680 "en/indexedDB/IDBDatabaseException"));` 
`void[commit](%2831#commit "#commit")() raises ([IDBDatabaseException]13680 "en/indexedDB/IDBDatabaseException"));` 
`[IDBObjectStoreSync]13743 "en/IndexedDB/IDBObjectStoreSync")[objectStore]13952 "#objectStore")(in DOMString name) raises ([IDBDatabaseException]13680 "en/indexedDB/IDBDatabaseException"));` 


## Attributes<a name="Attributes"></a>
Attribute | Type | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
 | `[IDBDatabaseSync]13781 "en/IndexedDB/IDBDatabaseSync")` | The[database connection]13742 "en/IndexedDB#gloss database connection")that this transaction is associated with. 
 | `boolean` | If true, this transaction is[static]13953 "en/IndexedDB#gloss static"); if false, this transaction is[dynamic]13954 "en/IndexedDB#gloss dynamic"). 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>

### abort()<a name="abort"></a>


Call this method to signal a need to cancel the effects of the operations performed by this transaction. When this method is called, the browser ignores all the changes performed to the objects of this database since this transaction was created.


```
void abort(
) raises (IDBDatabaseException);
```

##### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>


This method can raise an IDBDatabaseException with the following code:

<dl><dt>`[NON_TRANSIENT_ERR]13783 "en/IndexedDB/DatabaseException#NON TRANSIENT ERR")`</dt><dd>If this transaction has already been committed or aborted.</dd></dl>
### commit()<a name="commit"></a>


Call this method to signal that the transaction has completed normally and satisfactorily. When this method is called, the browser durably stores all the changes performed to the objects of the database since this transaction was created.


```
void commit(
) raises (IDBDatabaseException);
```

##### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions_2"></a>


This method can raise an IDBDatabaseException with the following codes:

<dl><dt>`[NON_TRANSIENT_ERR]13783 "en/IndexedDB/DatabaseException#NON TRANSIENT ERR")`</dt><dd>If this transaction has already been committed or aborted.</dd><dt>`[RECOVERABLE_ERR]13955 "en/IndexedDB/DatabaseException#RECOVERABLE ERR")`</dt><dd>If this transaction&#39;s scope is dynamic, and the browser cannot commit all of the changes due to another transaction.</dd></dl>
### objectStore()<a name="objectStore()"></a>


Returns an[object store]13896 "en/IndexedDB#gloss object store")that has already been added to the scope of this transaction.


```
IDBObjectStoreSync objectStore(
  in DOMString name
) raises (IDBDatabaseException);

```

##### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt>name</dt><dd>The name of the requested object store.</dd></dl>
##### Returns<a name="Returns"></a>
<dl><dt>`[IDBObjectStoreSync]13956 "IDBObjectStoreSync")`</dt><dd>An object for accessing the requested object store.</dd></dl>
##### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions_3"></a>


The method can raise an IDBDatabaseException with the following code:

<dl><dt>`[NOT_FOUND_ERR]13752 "en/IndexedDB/DatabaseException#NOT FOUND ERR")`</dt><dd>If the requested object store is not in this transaction&#39;s scope.</dd></dl>


## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[nehasharma]13957 ""),[jswisher]11168 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Apr 23, 2015, 11:58:37 PM</time>


