---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ImageCapture
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14018 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14019 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2836#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`ImageCapture`**interface of the[MediaStream Image Capture API]14021 "")provides an interface for capturing images from a photographic device referenced through a valid[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.").


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ImageCapture.ImageCapture()`]14023 "The ImageCapture constructor creates a new ImageCapture object which creates a new ImageCapture object.")</dt><dd>Creates a new`ImageCapture`object.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ImageCapture.track`]14024 "The track read-only property of the ImageCapture interface returns a reference to the MediaStreamTrack passed to the ImageCapture() constructor.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a reference to the[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.")passed to the constructor.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ImageCapture.takePhoto()`]14025 "The takePhoto() method of the ImageCapture interface takes a single exposure using the video capture device sourcing a MediaStreamTrack and returns a Promise that resolves with a Blob containing the data.")</dt><dd>Takes a single exposure using the video capture device sourcing a[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.")and returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves with a[`Blob`]4167 "A Blob object represents a file-like object of immutable, raw data. Blobs represent data that isn't necessarily in a JavaScript-native format. The File interface is based on Blob, inheriting blob functionality and expanding it to support files on the user's system.")containing the data.</dd><dt>[`ImageCapture.getPhotoCapabilities()`]14026 "The getPhotoCapabilities() method of the ImageCapture interface returns a Promise that resolves with a PhotoCapabilities object containing the ranges of available configuration options.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves with a[`PhotoCapabilities`]14027 "The PhotoCapabilities interface of the the MediaStream Image Capture API provides available configuration options for an attached photographic device. A PhotoCapabilities object is retrieved by calling ImageCapture.getPhotoCapabilities().")object containing the ranges of available configuration options.</dd><dt>[`ImageCapture.getPhotoSettings()`]14028 "The getPhotoSettings() property of the ImageCapture interface returns a Promise that resolves with a PhotoSettings object containing the current photo configuration settings.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves with a[`PhotoSettings`]14029 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")object containing the current photo configuration settings.</dd><dt>[`ImageCapture.grabFrame()`]14030 "The grabFrame() property of the ImageCapture interface takes a snapshot of the live video in a MediaStreamTrack, returning an ImageBitmap, if successful.")</dt><dd>Takes a snapshot of the live video in a[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well."), returning an ImageBitmap, if successful.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following code is taken from[Chrome&#39;s Grab Frame - Take Photo Sample]14031 ""). Since ImageCapture requires some place to capture an image from, the example below starts with a device&#39;s media device (in other words a camera). This example shows, roughly, a[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.")extracted from a device&#39;s[`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack."). The track is then used to create an ImageCapture object so that`takePhoto()`and`grabFrame()`can be called. Finally, it shows how to apply the results of these calls to a canvas object.


```
var imageCapture;

function onGetUserMediaButtonClick() {
  navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia({video: true})
  .then(mediaStream => {
    document.querySelector('video').srcObject = mediaStream;

    const track = mediaStream.getVideoTracks()[0];
    imageCapture = new ImageCapture(track);
  })
  .catch(error => console.log(error));
}

function onGrabFrameButtonClick() {
  imageCapture.grabFrame()
  .then(imageBitmap => {
    const canvas = document.querySelector('#grabFrameCanvas');
    drawCanvas(canvas, imageBitmap);
  })
  .catch(error => console.log(error));
}

function onTakePhotoButtonClick() {
  imageCapture.takePhoto()
  .then(blob => createImageBitmap(blob))
  .then(imageBitmap => {
    const canvas = document.querySelector('#takePhotoCanvas');
    drawCanvas(canvas, imageBitmap);
  })
  .catch(error => console.log(error));
}

/* Utils */

function drawCanvas(canvas, img) {
  canvas.width = getComputedStyle(canvas).width.split('px')[0];
  canvas.height = getComputedStyle(canvas).height.split('px')[0];
  let ratio  = Math.min(canvas.width / img.width, canvas.height / img.height);
  let x = (canvas.width - img.width * ratio) / 2;
  let y = (canvas.height - img.height * ratio) / 2;
  canvas.getContext('2d').clearRect(0, 0, canvas.width, canvas.height);
  canvas.getContext('2d').drawImage(img, 0, 0, img.width, img.height,
      x, y, img.width * ratio, img.height * ratio);
}

document.querySelector('video').addEventListener('play', function() {
  document.querySelector('#grabFrameButton').disabled = false;
  document.querySelector('#takePhotoButton').disabled = false;
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[MediaStream Image Capture<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ImageCapture&#39; in that specification.</small>]14033 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 59 | ? | ? | 46 | No support 
getPhotoSettings() | 61 | ? | ? | 48 | No support 






## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Image]14034 "")
* [Image Capture]14035 "")
* [ImageCapture]14036 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [MediaStream Image Capture API]14037 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[LauJi]14038 ""),[FloraFauna]14039 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[LauJi]14038 ""),<time>Apr 12, 2018, 7:57:43 AM</time>


