---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/InputDeviceCapabilities
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14325 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14326 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The**`InputDeviceCapabilities`**interface of the[Input Device Capabilities API]14327 "")provides information about the physical device or a group of related devices responsible for generating input events. Events caused by the same physical input device get the same instance of this object, but the converse isn&#39;t true. For example, two mice with the same capabilities in a system may appear as a single`InputDeviceCapabilities`instance.



In some instances,`InputDeviceCapabilities`represents the capabilities of logical devices rather than physical devices. This allows, for example, touchscreen keyboards and physical keyboards to be represented the same way when they produce the same input.


## Constructors<a name="Constructors"></a>
<dl><dt>[`InputDeviceCapabilities.InputDeviceCapabilities()`]14328 "The InputDeviceCapabilities() constructor creates a new InputDeviceCapabilities object provides information about the physical device responsible for generating a touch event.")</dt><dd>Creates an`InputDeviceCapabilities`object.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`InputDeviceCapabilities.firesTouchEvents`]14329 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>A[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")that indicates whether the device dispatches touch events.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


None.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[InputDeviceCapabilities<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;sourceCapabilities&#39; in that specification.</small>]14330 "") | Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 47 | ? | ? | ? | ? 






## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[tocretpa]9666 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[RByers]14331 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[tocretpa]9666 ""),<time>Aug 29, 2017, 7:09:58 PM</time>


