---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/InstallTrigger
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%14353 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%14354 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The`InstallTrigger`interface is an interesting outlier in the Apps API; it&#39;s included in this API but are inherited from the old Mozilla XPInstall technology for installing add-ons. It is used for triggering the download and installation of an add-on (or anything packaged in an .`xpi`file) from a Web page, using JavaScript code to kick off the install process.



**Note:**This article needs to be updated somewhat.



## Overview<a name="Overview"></a>


For very simple installations, the install methods on the`InstallTrigger`object may be all that&#39;s needed in the installation script.



For more complex installations, you may need to use the[Install](%14355 "en/XPInstall_API_Reference/Install_Object")and/or[File](%14356 "en/XPInstall_API_Reference/File_Object")installation objects. In either case, you must trigger the installation process by creating a web page script in which InstallTrigger methods download the specified XPI file and &quot;trigger&quot; the execution of the install.js script at the top level of that XPI.



The principal method on the InstallTrigger object is[install](%14357 "en/XPInstall_API_Reference/InstallTrigger_Object/Methods/install"), which downloads and installs one or more software packages archived in the XPI file format. The following is a basic example of an install trigger on a web page:


```
xpi={'XPInstall Dialog Display Name':'simple.xpi'};
InstallTrigger.install(xpi);
```


You can also use the InstallTrigger object to install Netscape 6/Mozilla skins and language packs, and perform multiple-package installations with[install](%14357 "en/XPInstall_API_Reference/InstallTrigger_Object/Methods/install").

<dl><dt>[compareVersion](%14358 "")</dt><dd>Compares the version of a file or package with the version of an existing file or package.</dd><dt>[enabled](%14359 "")</dt><dd>Indicates whether or not Software Installation is enabled for this client machine.</dd><dt>[getVersion](%14360 "")</dt><dd>Returns an object representing the version number from the Client Version Registry for the specified component. It is used in both trigger scripts and installation scripts.</dd><dt>[install](%14361 "")</dt><dd>Installs one or more XPI files on the local machine.</dd><dt>[installChrome](%14362 "")</dt><dd>Installs new skin or locale packages in Netscape 6 and Mozilla.</dd><dt>[startSoftwareUpdate](%14363 "")</dt><dd>Triggers the downloading and installation of the software at the specified URL.</dd></dl>


## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Add-ons](%4859 "")
* [API](%50 "")
* [Apps](%14364 "")
* [Extensions](%4860 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [Non-standard](%4210 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[mattstrick](%14365 ""),[tocretpa](%9666 ""),[Sheppy](%405 ""),[trevorh](%13010 ""),[Daniel Veditz](%14366 ""),[Fredchat](%14367 ""),[Mgjbot](%296 ""),[Rod Whiteley](%14368 "")
**最后编辑者:**[mattstrick](%14365 ""),<time>Oct 30, 2017, 9:41:15 AM</time>


