---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/KeyframeEffect
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14444 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3477 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2847#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`KeyframeEffect`**interface of the[Web Animations API]3476 "")lets us create sets of animatable properties and values, called**keyframes.**These can then be played using the[`Animation()`]14088 "The Animation() constructor of the Web Animations API returns a new Animation object instance.")constructor.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`KeyframeEffect()`]3516 "The KeyframeEffect() constructor of the Web Animations API returns a new KeyframeEffect object instance, and also allows you to clone an existing keyframe effect object instance.")</dt><dd>Returns a new`KeyframeEffect`object instance, and also allows you to clone an existing keyframe effect object instance.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface inherits some of its methods and properties from its parent,[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly`]3479 "The KeyframeEffectReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API describes sets of animatable properties and values that can be played using the Animation.Animation() constructor, and which are inherited by KeyframeEffect."), and its grandparent[`AnimationEffectReadOnly`]3474 "The AnimationEffectReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API defines current and future animation effects like KeyframeEffect, which can be passed to Animation objects for playing, and KeyframeEffectReadOnly (which is used by CSS Animations and Transitions).").</em>

<dl><dt>[`AnimationEffectReadOnly.timing`]3482 "The AnimationEffectReadOnly.timing read-only attribute of the AnimationEffectReadOnly interface returns an AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly object containing the timing properties for the Animation Effect.")</dt><dd>The[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly`]3483 "The AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API is comprised of timing properties.")object associated with the animation containing all the animation&#39;s timing values.</dd><dt>[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly.target`]14446 "The target property of a KeyframeEffectReadOnly or a KeyframeEffect interface represents the element or pseudo-element being animated. It may be null for animations that do not target a specific element. It performs as both a getter and a setter, except with animations and transitions generated by CSS.")</dt><dd>Gets and sets the element or pseudo-element being animated by this object. This may be`null`for animations that do not target a specific element.</dd></dl>
### Future properties<a name="Future_properties"></a>


The following options are currently not shipped anywhere, but will be added in the near future.

<dl><dt>[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly.iterationComposite`]14447 "The iterationComposite property of a KeyframeEffectReadOnly or a KeyframeEffect resolves how the the animation's property value changes accumulate or override each other upon each of the animation's iterations.")</dt><dd>Gets and sets the iteration composite operation for resolving the property value changes of this keyframe effect.</dd><dt>[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly.composite`]14448 "The composite property of a KeyframeEffectReadOnly or a KeyframeEffect resolves how an element's animation impacts its underlying property values.")</dt><dd>Gets and sets the composite operation property for resolving the property value changes between this and other keyframe effects.</dd></dl>
### Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly.getKeyframes()`]14449 "The getKeyframes() method of a KeyframeEffectReadOnly or a KeyframeEffect returns an Array of the computed keyframes that make up this animation along with their computed offsets.")</dt><dd>Returns the computed keyframes that make up this effect along with their computed keyframe offsets.</dd><dt>[`KeyframeEffect.setKeyframes()`]14450 "The setKeyframes() method of the KeyframeEffect interface replaces the keyframes that make up the affected KeyframeEffect with a new set of keyframes.")</dt><dd>Replaces the set of keyframes that make up this effect.</dd><dt>[`AnimationEffectReadOnly.getComputedTiming()`]3484 "The getComputedTiming() method of the AnimationEffectReadOnly interface returns the calculated timing properties for this animation effect.")</dt><dd>Returns the calculated, current timing values for this keyframe effect.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


In the[Follow the White Rabbit example]14451 ""), the KeyframeEffect constructor is used to create a set of keyframes that dictate how the White Rabbit should animate down the hole:


```
 var rabbitDownKeyframes = new KeyframeEffect( 
    whiteRabbit, // element to animate
    [
      { transform: 'translateY(0%)' }, // keyframe 
      { transform: 'translateY(100%)' } // keyframe
    ], 
    { duration: 3000, fill: 'forwards' } // keyframe options
  );
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;KeyframeEffect&#39; in that specification.</small>]14452 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[Clone constructor (2nd type of constructor)]14453 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`setKeyframes`]14454 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`composite`]14455 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`iterationComposite`]14456 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`target`]14457 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getKeyframes`]14458 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* Inherits from[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly`]3479 "The KeyframeEffectReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API describes sets of animatable properties and values that can be played using the Animation.Animation() constructor, and which are inherited by KeyframeEffect.")and its parent[`AnimationEffectReadOnly`]3474 "The AnimationEffectReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API defines current and future animation effects like KeyframeEffect, which can be passed to Animation objects for playing, and KeyframeEffectReadOnly (which is used by CSS Animations and Transitions).").
* [`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [Animations]14459 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [KeyframeEffect]3540 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ngyikp]3492 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[jwhitlock]6330 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[birtles]3555 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 ""),[suzyh]3493 ""),[rolfedh]3542 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ngyikp]3492 ""),<time>May 21, 2018, 10:30:41 PM</time>


