---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/L10n.ready
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14497 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14496 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is not on a current W3C standards track, but it is supported on the Firefox OS platform. Although implementations may change in the future and it is not supported widely across browsers, it is suitable for use in code dedicated to Firefox OS apps.




**Note**: The behavior described below will be implemented in[bug 993188]14498 "FIXED: Clean up mozL10n.ready").



The`ready`method is used to register a callback that will execute**at least once**. The callback is registered as a listener to the`ready`event of the[L10n]14475 "")context. Additionally, if the[L10n]14475 "")context is ready when`L10n.ready()`is called, the callback will be invoked immediately on the next tick of the event loop.




Using`L10n.ready()`is safer than registering a listener of the[window]13757 "")&#39;s`localized`event because it also works when the`localized`event has already fired. This helps prevent intermittent race conditions, which would be hard to debug.



`L10n.ready()`is useful for executing code every time the language changes and/or when the[L10n]14475 "")context first becomes ready (the 0th language change).



In order to schedule initialization tasks for when the localization is ready to be used for the first time (and this time only), use[`L10n.once()`]14495 "").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
navigator.mozL10n.ready(callback);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt>`callback`</dt><dd>The function to be executed everytime the[L10n]14475 "")context is or becomes ready.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
navigator.mozL10n.ready(function showLanguageDescription() {
  var lang = navigator.mozL10n.language.code

  // display the current locale in the main panel
  Settings.getSupportedLanguages(function displayLang(languages) {
    document.getElementById('language-desc').textContent = languages[lang];                                                                                                           │
  }); 
});
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`L10n`]14475 "This set of articles provides information for developers wishing to provide localized versions of their apps.")
* [`L10n.once`]14482 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Firefox OS]7069 "")
* [l10n]14484 "")
* [Localization]14485 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[stasm]14477 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>May 20, 2014, 12:59:45 PM</time>


