---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/LocalMediaStream
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14531 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14532 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.





The**`LocalMediaStream`******interface was part of the[Media Capture and Streams API]5049 ""), representing a stream of data being generated locally (such as by[`getUserMedia()`]14533 "The MediaDevices getUserMedia() method prompts the user for permission to use a media input which produces a MediaStream with tracks containing the requested types of media."). However,`getUserMedia()`now returns a[`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack.")instead, and this interface has been removed from the specification.



The primary reason for this interface to exist was to add a`stop()`method to its[`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack.")parent interface. However, control over playback of media has been moved to the individual[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.")objects, so this is no longer necessary. Instead, media is stopped by calling[`MediaStreamTrack.stop()`]14534 "In short, the MediaStreamTrack method stop() method stops the track.")on each track that needs to be stopped. The example for`MediaStreamTrack.stop()`demonstrates how to stop a multi-track stream, which is what`LocalMediaStream.stop()`used to be used for.


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>`LocalMediaStream.stop()`</dt><dd>Stops the stream. When the source of the stream is a connected device (such as a camera or microphone), capture of media from the device is halted.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification. This interface was previously part of[Media Capture and Streams]14535 "The 'Media Capture and Streams' specification")but was removed in 2013.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Media Capture and Streams API]5049 "")
* [`MediaStreamTrack.stop()`]14534 "In short, the MediaStreamTrack method stop() method stops the track.")
* [`getUserMedia()`]14533 "The MediaDevices getUserMedia() method prompts the user for permission to use a media input which produces a MediaStream with tracks containing the requested types of media.")
* [`Navigator.getUserMedia()`]14145 "The deprecated Navigator.getUserMedia() method prompts the user for permission to use up to one video input device (such as a camera or shared screen) and up to one audio input device (such as a microphone) as the source for a MediaStream."), the old, callback-based version of`getUserMedia()`



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [DOM Reference]6350 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [LocalMediaStream]14536 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Media Capture and Streams API]5056 "")
* [Media Stream API]5068 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[lucian95]5059 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Potch]14537 "")
**最后编辑者:**[lucian95]5059 ""),<time>Apr 12, 2018, 7:48:16 PM</time>


