---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MIDIConnectionEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14574 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14575 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2865#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`MIDIConnectionEvent`**interface of the[Web MIDI API]14568 "")is the event passed to the[`onstatechange`]14577 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")event of the[`MIDIAccess`]14578 "The MIDIAccess interface of the Web MIDI API provides methods for listing MIDI input and output devices, and obtaining access to those devices.")interface and the[`onstatechange`]14579 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")event of the[`MIDIPorts`]14580 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")interface. This occurs any time a new port becomes available, or when a previously available port becomes unavailable. For example, this event is fired whenever a MIDI device is either plugged in to or unplugged from a computer.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MIDIConnectionEvent.MIDIConnectionEvent`]14581 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates a new`MIDIConnectionEvent`object.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MIDIConnectionEvent.port`]14582 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a reference to a[`MIDIPort`]14583 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")instance for a port that has been connected or disconnected.&quot;</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>





## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web MIDI API]14584 "The 'Web MIDI API' specification") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Draft]14585 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [MIDIConnectionEvent]14586 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Web MIDI API]14587 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 9, 2018, 2:35:33 AM</time>


