---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MediaError
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14683 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14684 "")版。</bdi>






The`**MediaError**`interface represents an error which occurred while handling media in an HTML media element based on[`HTMLMediaElement`]13228 "The HTMLMediaElement interface adds to HTMLElement the properties and methods needed to support basic media-related capabilities that are common to audio and video."), such as[`<audio>`]13227 "The HTML <audio> element is used to embed sound content in documents. It may contain one or more audio sources, represented using the src attribute or the <source> element: the browser will choose the most suitable one. It can also be the destination for streamed media, using a MediaStream.")or[`<video>`]13226 "The HTML Video element (<video>) embeds a media player which supports video playback into the document.").



A`MediaError`object describes the error in general terms using a numeric`code`categorizing the kind of error, and a`message`, which provides specific diagnostics about what went wrong.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t inherit any properties.</em>

<dl><dt>[`MediaError.code`]14685 "The read-only property MediaError.code returns a numeric value which represents the kind of error that occurred on a media element. To get a text string with specific diagnostic information, see MediaError.message.")</dt><dd>A number which represents the general type of error that occurred, as follows:Name | Value | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`MEDIA_ERR_ABORTED` | `1` | The fetching of the associated resource was aborted by the user&#39;s request. 
`MEDIA_ERR_NETWORK` | `2` | Some kind of network error occurred which prevented the media from being successfully fetched, despite having previously been available. 
`MEDIA_ERR_DECODE` | `3` | Despite having previously been determined to be usable, an error occurred while trying to decode the media resource, resulting in an error. 
`MEDIA_ERR_SRC_NOT_SUPPORTED` | `4` | The associated resource or media provider object (such as a[`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack.")) has been found to be unsuitable. 

</dd><dt>[`MediaError.message`]14686 "The read-only property MediaError.message returns a DOMString which contains a human-readable string offering specific diagnostic details related to the error described by the MediaError object, or an empty string ("") if no diagnostic information can be determined or provided.")</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object containing a human-readable string which provides<em>specific diagnostic information</em>to help the reader understand the error condition which occurred; specifically, it isn&#39;t simply a summary of what the error code means, but actual diagnostic information to help in understanding what exactly went wrong. This text and its format is not defined by the specification and will vary from one[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")to another. If no diagnostics are available, or no explanation can be provided, this value is an empty string (`""`).</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement or inherit any methods, and has none of its own.</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;MediaError&#39; in that specification.</small>]14687 "") | Living Standard |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`code`]14688 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`message`]14689 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`HTMLMediaElement.error`]14690 "The HTMLMediaElement.error is the MediaError object for the most recent error, or null if there has not been an error. When an error event is received by the element, you can determine details about what happened by examining this object.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [Errors]14691 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [MediaError]14692 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Video]4182 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Skwai]14693 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 9, 2018, 3:03:26 AM</time>


