---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MediaKeys
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14775 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14750 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2884#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`MediaKeys`**interface of[EncryptedMediaExtensions API]14697 "")the represents a set of keys that an associated[`HTMLMediaElement`]13228 "The HTMLMediaElement interface adds to HTMLElement the properties and methods needed to support basic media-related capabilities that are common to audio and video.")can use for decryption of media data during playback.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


None.


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MediaKeys.createSession()`]14777 "The MediaKeys.createSession() method returns a new MediaKeySession object, which represents a context for message exchange with a content decryption module (CDM).")</dt><dd>Returns a new[`MediaKeySession`]14778 "The MediaKeySession interface of the EncryptedMediaExtensions API represents a context for message exchange with a content decryption module (CDM).")object, which represents a context for message exchange with a content decryption module (CDM).</dd><dt>[`MediaKeys.setServerCertificate()`]14779 "The MediaKeys.setServerCertificate() method a Promise to a server certificate to be used to encrypt messages to the license server.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")to a server certificate to be used to encrypt messages to the license server.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
//TBD
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Encrypted Media Extensions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;MediaKeys&#39; in that specification.</small>]14780 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`createSession`]14781 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>13 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`setServerCertificate`]14782 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>13 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [EncryptedMediaExtensions]14705 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [MediaKeys]14783 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Video]4182 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 2, 2018, 5:51:28 AM</time>


