---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MediaRecorderErrorEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14872 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14873 "")版。</bdi>






The`MediaRecorderErrorEvent`interface represents errors returned by the[MediaStream Recording API.]4176 "")It is an[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events.")object that encapsulates a reference to a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")describing the error that occurred.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent interface,[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events.")</em>.

<dl><dt>[`error`]14874 "The read-only error property in the MediaRecordingErrorEvent interface is a DOMException object providing details about the exception that was thrown by a MediaRecorder instance.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")containing information about the error that occurred. Read only.</dd></dl>
## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MediaStreamRecorderEvent()`]14875 "The MediaRecorderErrorEvent() constructor creates a new MediaRecorderErrorEvent object that represents an error that occurred during the recording of media by the MediaStream Recording API.")</dt><dd>Creates and returns a new`MediaRecorderErrorEvent`event object with the given parameters.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Inherits methods from its parent interface,[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events.")</em>.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[MediaStream Recording<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;MediaRecorderErrorEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]14876 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`MediaRecorderErrorEvent()`constructor]14877 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`error`]14878 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [AV]14879 "")
* [Error]14880 "")
* [Event]4963 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [MediaRecorderErrorEvent]14881 "")
* [MediaStream]14882 "")
* [MediaStream Recording]4179 "")
* [MediaStream Recording API]4180 "")
* [Recording Audio]14883 "")
* [Recording Media]4181 "")
* [Recording Video]14884 "")
* [Video]4182 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Oct 4, 2017, 2:01:07 PM</time>


