---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]14956 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14144 "")版。</bdi>






The`MediaElementAudioDestinationNode`interface represents an audio destination consisting of a[WebRTC]14668 "/en-US/docs/WebRTC")[`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack.")with a single`AudioMediaStreamTrack`, which can be used in a similar way to a`MediaStream`obtained from[`Navigator.getUserMedia`]14145 "The deprecated Navigator.getUserMedia() method prompts the user for permission to use up to one video input device (such as a camera or shared screen) and up to one audio input device (such as a microphone) as the source for a MediaStream.").



It is an[`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")that acts as an audio destination, created using the[`AudioContext.createMediaStreamDestination`]14143 "The MediaStream is created when the node is created and is accessible via the MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode's stream attribute. This stream can be used in a similar way as a MediaStream obtained via navigator.getUserMedia — it can, for example, be sent to a remote peer using the RTCPeerConnection addStream() method.")method.


Number of inputs | `1` 
Number of outputs | `0` 
Channel count | `2` 
Channel count mode | `"explicit"` 
Channel count interpretation | `"speakers"` 


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode.MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode()`]14957 "The MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode() constructor of the Web Audio API creates a new MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode object instance.")</dt><dd>Creates a new`MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode`object instance.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,</em><em>[`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")</em>.

<dl><dt>[`MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode.stream`]14958 "A MediaStream.")</dt><dd>Is a[`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack.")containing a single[`AudioMediaStreamTrack`]14959 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")with the same number of channels as the node itself. You can use this property to get a stream out of the audio graph and feed it into another construct, such as a[Media Recorder]14960 "").</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Inherits methods from its parent,</em><em>[`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")</em>.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In the following simple example, we create a[`MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode`]14144 "Inherits properties from its parent, AudioNode."), an[`OscillatorNode`]3965 "The OscillatorNode interface represents a periodic waveform, such as a sine wave. It is an AudioScheduledSourceNode audio-processing module that causes a specified frequency of a given wave to be created—in effect, a constant tone.")and a[`MediaRecorder`]14961 "The MediaRecorder interface of the MediaStream Recording API provides functionality to easily record media. It is created using the MediaRecorder() constructor.")(the example will therefore only work in Firefox and Chrome at this time.) The`MediaRecorder`is set up to record information from the`MediaStreamDestinationNode`.



When the button is clicked, the oscillator starts, and the`MediaRecorder`is started. When the button is stopped, the oscillator and`MediaRecorder`both stop. Stopping the`MediaRecorder`causes the`dataavailable`event to fire, and the event data is pushed into the`chunks`array. After that, the`stop`event fires, a new`blob`is made of type opus — which contains the data in the`chunks`array, and a new window (tab) is then opened that points to a URL created from the blob.



From here, you can play and save the opus file.


```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <title>createMediaStreamDestination() demo</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>createMediaStreamDestination() demo</h1>

    <p>Encoding a pure sine wave to an Opus file </p>
    <button>Make sine wave</button>
    <audio controls></audio>
    <script>
     var b = document.querySelector("button");
     var clicked = false;
     var chunks = [];
     var ac = new AudioContext();
     var osc = ac.createOscillator();
     var dest = ac.createMediaStreamDestination();
     var mediaRecorder = new MediaRecorder(dest.stream);
     osc.connect(dest);

     b.addEventListener("click", function(e) {
       if (!clicked) {
           mediaRecorder.start();
           osc.start(0);
           e.target.innerHTML = "Stop recording";
           clicked = true;
         } else {
           mediaRecorder.stop();
           osc.stop(0);
           e.target.disabled = true;
         }
     });

     mediaRecorder.ondataavailable = function(evt) {
       // push each chunk (blobs) in an array
       chunks.push(evt.data);
     };

     mediaRecorder.onstop = function(evt) {
       // Make blob out of our blobs, and open it.
       var blob = new Blob(chunks, { 'type' : 'audio/ogg; codecs=opus' });
       document.querySelector("audio").src = URL.createObjectURL(blob);
     };
    </script>
  </body>
</html> 

```


**Note**: You can[view this example live]14962 ""), or[study the source code]14963 ""), on Github.



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode&#39; in that specification.</small>]14964 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode()`constructor]14965 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`stream`]14966 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3811 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [MediaStreamAudioDestinationNode]14967 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[anoopelias]14968 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Nov 1, 2017, 6:36:53 AM</time>


