---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-family
---





The**`font-family`**CSS descriptor allows authors to specify the font family for the font specified in an[`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule allows authors to specify fonts (online url(), and locally local()), to display text on their web pages. By allowing authors to provide their own fonts, @font-face eliminates the need to depend on the limited number of fonts users have installed on their computers. By allowing authors to access users fonts, @font-face eliminates the dependencies of having internet access, as well as downloading the font's resources locally. These seemingly contrasting options empower developers to take advantage of the users settings in order to provide a seamless typographical experience. The @font-face at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.")rule.


Related[at-rule]4443 "") | [`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule allows authors to specify fonts (online url(), and locally local()), to display text on their web pages. By allowing authors to provide their own fonts, @font-face eliminates the need to depend on the limited number of fonts users have installed on their computers. By allowing authors to access users fonts, @font-face eliminates the dependencies of having internet access, as well as downloading the font's resources locally. These seemingly contrasting options empower developers to take advantage of the users settings in order to provide a seamless typographical experience. The @font-face at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.") 
[Initial value]28552 "") | `n/a (required)` 
Media | all 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* <string> values */
font-family: "font family";
font-family: 'another font family';

/* <custom-ident> value */
font-family: examplefont;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<family-name>`</dt><dd>Specifies the name of the font family.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<family-name>where <family-name> = <string> | <custom-ident>+
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
@font-face {
  font-family: examplefont;
  src: url('examplefont.ttf');
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-family&#39; in that specification.</small>]30096 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2.2 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



