---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-shadow
---





The**`box-shadow`**CSS property is used to add shadow effects around an element&#39;s frame. You can specify multiple effects separated by commas if you wish to do so.A box shadow is described by X and Y offsets relative to the element, blur and spread radii, and color.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/box-shadow.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


The`box-shadow`property enables you to cast a drop shadow from the frame of almost any element. If a[`border-radius`]28741 "The border-radius CSS property lets you round the corners of an element's outer border edge. You can specify a single radius to make circular corners, or two radii to make elliptical corners.")is specified on the element with a box shadow, the box shadow takes on the same rounded corners. The z-ordering of multiple box shadows is the same as multiple[text shadows]34170 "")(the first specified shadow is on top).



[Box-shadow generator]29258 "")is an interactive tool allowing you to generate a`box-shadow`.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* offset-x | offset-y | color */
box-shadow: 60px -16px teal;

/* offset-x | offset-y | blur-radius | color */
box-shadow: 10px 5px 5px black;

/* offset-x | offset-y | blur-radius | spread-radius | color */
box-shadow: 2px 2px 2px 1px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

/* inset | offset-x | offset-y | color */
box-shadow: inset 5em 1em gold;

/* Any number of shadows, separated by commas */
box-shadow: 3px 3px red, -1em 0 0.4em olive;

/* Global keywords */
box-shadow: inherit;
box-shadow: initial;
box-shadow: unset;
```


Specify a single box-shadow using:


* Two, three, or four`[&lt;length&gt;]4561 "")`values.
	* If only two values are given, they are interpreted as`[&lt;offset-x&gt;&lt;offset-y&gt;]34171 "")`values.
	* If a third value is given, it is interpreted as a`[&lt;blur-radius&gt;]34172 "")`.
	* If a fourth value is given, it is interpreted as a`[&lt;spread-radius&gt;]34173 "")`.
* Optionally, the`[inset](%29239#inset "")`keyword.
* Optionally, a`[&lt;color&gt;]34175 "")`value.


To specify multiple shadows, provide a comma-separated list of shadows.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''></dt><dd>If not specified (default), the shadow is assumed to be a drop shadow (as if the box were raised above the content).<br></br>The presence of the`inset`keyword changes the shadow to one inside the frame (as if the content was depressed inside the box). Inset shadows are drawn inside the border (even transparent ones), above the background, but below content.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>These are two[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")values to set the shadow offset.`<offset-x>`specifies the horizontal distance. Negative values place the shadow to the left of the element.`<offset-y>`specifies the vertical distance. Negative values place the shadow above the element. See[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")for possible units.<br></br>If both values are`0`, the shadow is placed behind the element (and may generate a blur effect if`<blur-radius>`and/or`<spread-radius>`is set).</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>This is a third[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")value. The larger this value, the bigger the blur, so the shadow becomes bigger and lighter. Negative values are not allowed. If not specified, it will be`0`(the shadow&#39;s edge is sharp). The specification does not include an exact algorithm for how the blur radius should be calculated, however, it does elaborate as follows:</dd><dd><blockquote>…for a long, straight shadow edge, this should create a color transition the length of the blur distance that is perpendicular to and centered on the shadow’s edge, and that ranges from the full shadow color at the radius endpoint inside the shadow to fully transparent at the endpoint outside it.</blockquote></dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>This is a fourth[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")value. Positive values will cause the shadow to expand and grow bigger, negative values will cause the shadow to shrink. If not specified, it will be`0`(the shadow will be the same size as the element).</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>See[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")values for possible keywords and notations.<br></br>If not specified, the color used depends on the browser - it is usually the value of the[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")property, but note that Safari currently paints a transparent shadow in this case.</dd></dl>
### Interpolation<a name="Interpolation"></a>


Each shadow in the list (treating`none`as a 0-length list) is interpolated via the color (as color) component, and x, y, blur, and (when appropriate) spread (as length) components. For each shadow, if both input shadows are or are not`inset`, then the interpolated shadow must match the input shadows in that regard. If any pair of input shadows has one`inset`and the other not`inset`, the entire shadow list is uninterpolable. If the lists of shadows have different lengths, then the shorter list is padded at the end with shadows whose color is`transparent`, all lengths are`0`, and whose`inset`(or not) matches the longer list.


### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
none | <shadow>#where <shadow> = inset? && <length>{2,4} && <color>?where <color> = <rgb()> | <rgba()> | <hsl()> | <hsla()> | <hex-color> | <named-color> | currentcolor | <deprecated-system-color>where <rgb()> = rgb( <percentage>{3} [ / <alpha-value> ]? ) | rgb( <number>{3} [ / <alpha-value> ]? ) | rgb( <percentage>#{3} , <alpha-value>? ) | rgb( <number>#{3} , <alpha-value>? )<rgba()> = rgba( <percentage>{3} [ / <alpha-value> ]? ) | rgba( <number>{3} [ / <alpha-value> ]? ) | rgba( <percentage>#{3} , <alpha-value>? ) | rgba( <number>#{3} , <alpha-value>? )<hsl()> = hsl( <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ) | hsl( <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? )<hsla()> = hsla( <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ) | hsla( <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? )where <alpha-value> = <number> | <percentage><hue> = <number> | <angle>
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

* [box-shadow test]29265 "")
* [box-shadow tutorial and examples]29266 "")
* [Box Shadow CSS Generator]34176 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Backgrounds and Borders Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;box-shadow&#39; in that specification.</small>]29267 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables)."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | any length made absolute; any specified color computed; otherwise as specified 
Animation type | a[shadow list](%29239#Interpolation "The color, x, y, blur and spread (if applicable) components of shadow lists are interpolated independently. If the inset value of any shadow pair differs between both lists, the whole list is uninterpolable. If one list is smaller than the other, it gets padded with transparent shadows with all their lengths set to 0 and its inset value matching the longer list.") 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.5<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr><abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
Multiple shadows | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`inset` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
Spread radius | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")data type
* Other color-related properties:[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color."),[`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element."),[`border-color`]28869 "The border-color CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the colors on all four sides of an element's border."),[`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline."),[`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."),[`text-emphasis-color`]29457 "The text-emphasis-color CSS property defines the color used to draw emphasis marks on text being rendered in the HTML document. This value can also be set and reset using the text-emphasis shorthand."),[`caret-color`]29459 "The caret-color CSS property sets the color of the insertion caret—the visible indicator of the point at which the next character typed by the user will be inserted—within an element such as <input> or one with the contenteditable attribute set."), and[`column-rule-color`]29460 "The column-rule-color CSS property sets the color of the rule (line) drawn between columns in a multi-column layout.")
* [Applying color to HTML elements using CSS]29268 "")



