---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/place-items
---





The[CSS]427 "")**`place-items`**[shorthand]28797 "")property sets both the[`align-items`]34906 "The CSS align-items property defines how the browser distributes space between and around flex items along the cross-axis of their container. This means it works like justify-content but in the perpendicular direction.")and[`justify-items`]30659 "The CSS justify-items property defines the default justify-self for all items of the box, giving them all a default way of justifying each box along the appropriate axis.")properties. The first value is the`align-items`property value, the second the`justify-items`one. If the second value is not present, the first value is also used for it.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/place-items.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */ 
place-items: auto center; 
place-items: normal start; 

/* Positional alignment */ 
place-items: center normal; 
place-items: start auto; 
place-items: end normal; 
place-items: self-start auto; 
place-items: self-end normal; 
place-items: flex-start auto; 
place-items: flex-end normal; 
place-items: left auto; 
place-items: right normal; 

/* Baseline alignment */ 
place-items: baseline normal; 
place-items: first baseline auto; 
place-items: last baseline normal; 
place-items: stretch auto; 

/* Global values */ 
place-items: inherit; 
place-items: initial; 
place-items: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The value used is the value of the`justify-items`property of the parents box, unless the box has no parent, or is absolutely positioned, in these cases,`auto`represents`normal`.</dd><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>The effect of this keyword is dependent of the layout mode we are in:
* In block-level layouts, the keyword is a synonym of`start`.
* In absolutely-positioned layouts, the keyword behaved like`start`on*replaced*absolutely-positioned boxes, and as`stretch`on*all other*absolutely-positioned boxes.
* In table cell layouts, this keyword has no meaning as this property is*ignored*.
* In flexbox layouts, this keyword has no meaning as this property is*ignored.*
* In grid layouts, this keyword leads to a behavior similar to the one of`stretch`, except for boxes with an aspect ratio or an intrinsic sizes where it behaves like`start`.
</dd><dt id=''>`start`</dt><dd>The item is packed flush to each other toward the start edge of the alignment container in the appropriate axis.</dd><dt id=''>`end`</dt><dd>The item is packed flush to each other toward the end edge of the alignment container in the appropriate axis.</dd><dt id=''>`flex-start`</dt><dd>The item is packed flush to each other toward the edge of the alignment container depending on the flex container&#39;s main-start or cross-start side.<br></br>This only applies to flex layout items. For items that are not children of a flex container, this value is treated like`start`.</dd><dt id=''>`flex-end`</dt><dd>The item is packed flush to each other toward the edge of the alignment container depending on the flex container&#39;s main-end or cross-end side.<br></br>This only applies to flex layout items. For items that are not children of a flex container, this value is treated like`end`.</dd><dt id=''>`self-start`</dt><dd>The item is packed flush to the edge of the alignment container of the start side of the item, in the appropriate axis.</dd><dt id=''>`self-end`</dt><dd>The item is packed flush to the edge of the alignment container of the end side of the item, in the appropriate axis.</dd><dt id=''>`center`</dt><dd>The items are packed flush to each other toward the center of the of the alignment container.</dd><dt id=''>`left`</dt><dd>The items are packed flush to each other toward the left edge of the alignment container. If the property’s axis is not parallel with the inline axis, this value behaves like`start`.</dd><dt id=''>`right`</dt><dd>The items are packed flush to each other toward the right edge of the alignment container in the appropriate axis. If the property’s axis is not parallel with the inline axis, this value behaves like`start`.</dd><dt id=''>`baseline<br></br>first baseline`<br></br>`last baseline`</dt><dd>Specifies participation in first- or last-baseline alignment: aligns the alignment baseline of the box’s first or last baseline set with the corresponding baseline in the shared first or last baseline set of all the boxes in its baseline-sharing group.<br></br>The fallback alignment for`first baseline`is`start`, the one for`last baseline`is`end`.</dd><dt id=''>`stretch`</dt><dd>If the combined size of the items is less than the size of the alignment container, any`auto`-sized items have their size increased equally (not proportionally), while still respecting the constraints imposed by[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")/[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")(or equivalent functionality), so that the combined size exactly fills the alignment container.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
#container {
  height:200px;
  width: 240px;
  place-items: center; /* You can change this value by selecting another option in the list */
  background-color: #8c8c8c;
}

.flex {
  display: flex;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
}

.grid {
  display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: repeat(auto-fill, 50px);
} 

```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/place-items$samples/Examples?revision=1384799' width='260' height='290'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Box Alignment Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;place-items&#39; in that specification.</small>]37896 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* CSS Flexbox Guide:*[Basic Concepts of Flexbox]31621 "")*
* CSS Flexbox Guide:*[Aligning items in a flex container]31622 "")*
* CSS Grid Guide:*[Box alignment in CSS Grid layouts]30662 "")*
* [CSS Box Alignment]30663 "")
* The[`align-items`]34906 "The CSS align-items property defines how the browser distributes space between and around flex items along the cross-axis of their container. This means it works like justify-content but in the perpendicular direction.")property
* The[`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")property
* The[`justify-items`]30659 "The CSS justify-items property defines the default justify-self for all items of the box, giving them all a default way of justifying each box along the appropriate axis.")property
* The[`justify-self`]30660 "The CSS justify-self property defines the way of justifying a box inside its container along the appropriate axis.")property







