---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%33921#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




**Draft**<br></br>This page is not complete.





The**`offset`**CSS property is a shorthand property for animating an element along a defined path.



Early versions of the spec called this property`motion`.



[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`offset-position`]35978 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):`auto`
* [`offset-path`]35977 "The offset-path CSS property specifies the offset path where the element gets positioned. The exact element’s position on the offset path is determined by the offset-distance property. An offset path is either a specified path with one or multiple sub-paths or the geometry of a not-styled basic shape. Each shape or path must define an initial position for the computed value of "0" for offset-distance and an initial direction which specifies the rotation of the object to the initial position."):`none`
* [`offset-distance`]35976 "The offset-distance CSS property specifies a position along an offset-path."):`0`
* [`offset-anchor`]35975 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):`auto`
* [`offset-rotate`]35979 "The offset-rotate CSS property defines the direction of the element while positioning along the offset path."):`auto` 
Applies to | transformable elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`offset-position`]35978 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"): referToSizeOfContainingBlock
* [`offset-distance`]35976 "The offset-distance CSS property specifies a position along an offset-path."): refer to the total path length
* [`offset-anchor`]35975 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"): relativeToWidthAndHeight 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`offset-position`]35978 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"): for[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")the absolute value, otherwise a percentage
* [`offset-path`]35977 "The offset-path CSS property specifies the offset path where the element gets positioned. The exact element’s position on the offset path is determined by the offset-distance property. An offset path is either a specified path with one or multiple sub-paths or the geometry of a not-styled basic shape. Each shape or path must define an initial position for the computed value of "0" for offset-distance and an initial direction which specifies the rotation of the object to the initial position."): as specified
* [`offset-distance`]35976 "The offset-distance CSS property specifies a position along an offset-path."): for[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")the absolute value, otherwise a percentage
* [`offset-anchor`]35975 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"): for[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")the absolute value, otherwise a percentage
* [`offset-rotate`]35979 "The offset-rotate CSS property defines the direction of the element while positioning along the offset path."): as specified 
Animation type | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`offset-position`]35978 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"): a[position](%28332#Interpolation "Values of the <position> data type are interpolated independently for the abscissa and ordinate. As the speed is defined by the same <timing-function> for both, the point will move following a line.")
* [`offset-path`]35977 "The offset-path CSS property specifies the offset path where the element gets positioned. The exact element’s position on the offset path is determined by the offset-distance property. An offset path is either a specified path with one or multiple sub-paths or the geometry of a not-styled basic shape. Each shape or path must define an initial position for the computed value of "0" for offset-distance and an initial direction which specifies the rotation of the object to the initial position."): as &lt;angle&gt;, &lt;basic-shape&gt; or &lt;path()&gt;
* [`offset-distance`]35976 "The offset-distance CSS property specifies a position along an offset-path."): a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers."),[percentage](%4567#Interpolation "Values of the <percentage> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.")or calc();
* [`offset-anchor`]35975 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"): a[position](%28332#Interpolation "Values of the <position> data type are interpolated independently for the abscissa and ordinate. As the speed is defined by the same <timing-function> for both, the point will move following a line.")
* [`offset-rotate`]35979 "The offset-rotate CSS property defines the direction of the element while positioning along the offset path."): angle 
Canonical order | per grammar 
Creates[stacking context]30922 "") | yes 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Offset position */
offset: auto
offset: 10px 30px;
offset: none;

/* Offset path */
offset: ray(45deg closest-side);
offset: path(M 100 100 L 300 100 L 200 300 z);
offset: url(arc.svg);

/* Offset path with distance and/or rotation */
offset: url(circle.svg) 100px;
offset: url(circle.svg) 40%;
offset: url(circle.svg) 30deg;
offset: url(circle.svg) 50px 20deg;

/* Including offset anchor */
offset: ray(45deg closest-side) / 40px 20px;
offset: url(arc.svg) 2cm / 0.5cm 3cm;
offset: url(arc.svg) 30deg / 50px 100px;
```

### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <'offset-position'>? [ <'offset-path'> [ <'offset-distance'> || <'offset-rotate'> ]? ]? ]! [ / <'offset-anchor'> ]?
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div id="offsetElement"></div>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
@keyframes move {
  from {
    offset-distance: 0%;
  }

  to {
    offset-distance: 100%;
  }
}

#offsetElement {
  width: 50px;
  height: 50px;
  background-color: blue;
  offset: path("M 100 100 L 300 100 L 200 300 z") auto;
  animation: move 3s linear infinite;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset$samples/Example?revision=1345653' width='350' height='350'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Motion Path Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;offset&#39; in that specification.</small>]37890 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>



