---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/place-self
---





The`**place**`**`-self`**[CSS]427 "")property shorthand property sets both the[`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")and[`justify-self`]30660 "The CSS justify-self property defines the way of justifying a box inside its container along the appropriate axis.")properties. The first value is the`align-self`property value, the second the`justify-self`one. If the second value is not present, the first value is also used for it.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/place-self.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */ 
place-self: auto center; 
place-self: normal start; 

/* Positional alignment */ 
place-self: center normal; 
place-self: start auto; 
place-self: end normal; 
place-self: self-start auto; 
place-self: self-end normal; 
place-self: flex-start auto; 
place-self: flex-end normal; 
place-self: left auto;
place-self: right normal;

/* Baseline alignment */ 
place-self: baseline normal; 
place-self: first baseline auto; 
place-self: last baseline normal; 
place-self: stretch auto; 

/* Global values */ 
place-self: inherit; 
place-self: initial; 
place-self: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>Computes to the parent&#39;s[`align-items`]34906 "The CSS align-items property defines how the browser distributes space between and around flex items along the cross-axis of their container. This means it works like justify-content but in the perpendicular direction.")value.</dd><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>The effect of this keyword is dependent of the layout mode we are in:
* In absolutely-positioned layouts, the keyword behaves like`start`on*replaced*absolutely-positioned boxes, and as`stretch`on*all other*absolutely-positioned boxes.
* In static position of absolutely-positioned layouts, the keyword behaves as`stretch`.
* For flex items, the keyword behaves as`stretch`.
* For grid items, this keyword leads to a behavior similar to the one of`stretch`, except for boxes with an aspect ratio or an intrinsic sizes where it behaves like`start`.
* The property doesn&#39;t apply to block-level boxes, and to table cells.
</dd><dt id=''>`self-start`</dt><dd>Aligns the items to be flush with the edge of the alignment container corresponding to the item&#39;s start side in the cross axis.</dd><dt id=''>`self-end`</dt><dd>Aligns the items to be flush with the edge of the alignment container corresponding to the item&#39;s end side in the cross axis.</dd><dt id=''>`flex-start`</dt><dd>The cross-start margin edge of the flex item is flushed with the cross-start edge of the line.</dd><dt id=''>`flex-end`</dt><dd>The cross-end margin edge of the flex item is flushed with the cross-end edge of the line.</dd><dt id=''>`center`</dt><dd>The flex item&#39;s margin box is centered within the line on the cross-axis. If the cross-size of the item is larger than the flex container, it will overflow equally in both directions.</dd><dt id=''>`baseline<br></br>first baseline`<br></br>`last baseline`</dt><dd>Specifies participation in first- or last-baseline alignment: aligns the alignment baseline of the box’s first or last baseline set with the corresponding baseline in the shared first or last baseline set of all the boxes in its baseline-sharing group.<br></br>The fallback alignment for`first baseline`is`start`, the one for`last baseline`is`end`.</dd><dt id=''>`stretch`</dt><dd>If the combined size of the items along the cross axis is less than the size of the alignment container and the item is`auto`-sized, its size is increased equally (not proportionally), while still respecting the constraints imposed by[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")/[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")(or equivalent functionality), so that the combined size of all`auto`-sized items exactly fills the alignment container along the cross axis.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Box Alignment Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;place-self&#39; in that specification.</small>]37901 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* CSS Flexbox Guide:*[Basic Concepts of Flexbox]31621 "")*
* CSS Flexbox Guide:*[Aligning items in a flex container]31622 "")*
* CSS Grid Guide:*[Box alignment in CSS Grid layouts]30662 "")*
* [CSS Box Alignment]30663 "")
* The[`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")property
* The[`justify-self`]30660 "The CSS justify-self property defines the way of justifying a box inside its container along the appropriate axis.")property







