---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/BluetoothAdapter
---





This API is available on[Firefox OS]23326 "")for[internal applications]23327 "")only.




The**`BluetoothAdapter`**interface of the[Web Bluetooth API]4231 "")is used to handle all the operations requested by Bluetooth networks. A Bluetooth adapter is the physical interface which is used to interact with local Bluetooth device.


## Interface overview<a name="Interface_overview"></a>

```
[CheckPermissions="bluetooth"]
interface BluetoothAdapter: EventTarget
{
  [AvailableIn=CertifiedApps] readonly attribute DOMString address;
  [AvailableIn=CertifiedApps] readonly attribute BluetoothPairingListener pairingReqs; 
  readonly attribute BluetoothAdapterState state;
  readonly attribute DOMString name;
  readonly attribute boolean discoverable;
  readonly attribute boolean discovering;
  readonly attribute BluetoothGattServer? gattServer;

           attribute EventHandler onattributechanged;
           attribute EventHandler ondevicepaired;
           attribute EventHandler ondeviceunpaired;
           attribute EventHandler onpairingaborted;

  [NewObject, AvailableIn=CertifiedApps] Promise<void> enable();
  [NewObject, AvailableIn=CertifiedApps] Promise<void> disable();
  [NewObject, AvailableIn=CertifiedApps] Promise<void> setName(DOMString aName);
  [NewObject] Promise<void> setDiscoverable(boolean aDiscoverable);
  [NewObject] Promise<BluetoothDiscoveryHandle> startDiscovery();
  [NewObject] Promise<void> stopDiscovery();
  [NewObject] Promise<void> pair(DOMString aAddress);
  [NewObject] Promise<void> unpair(DOMString aAddress);
  sequence<BluetoothDevice> getPairedDevices();

  // BLE methods
  [NewObject] Promise<BluetoothDiscoveryHandle> startLeScan(sequence<DOMString> aServiceUuids);
  [NewObject] Promise<void> stopLeScan(BluetoothDiscoveryHandle aDiscoveryHandle);
};
```

## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.address`]23348 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>A string representing the address of the device&#39;s adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.discoverable`]23349 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>A boolean indicating if the device is discoverable (`true`) or not (`false`) by other Bluetooth devices.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.discovering`]23350 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>A boolean indicating if the device&#39;s adapter is in the process of discovering (`true`) or not (`false`) surrounding Bluetooth devices.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.gattServer`]23351 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the[`BluetoothGattServer`]23352 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")to use to conduct GATT server operations on the local bluetooth adapter. Will return`null`if the adapter is not enabled.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.name`]23353 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>A string indicating the human readable name of the device&#39;s adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.pairingReqs`]23354 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the[`BluetoothPairingListener`]23355 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")object containing the event handlers needed to response to different pairing types operations.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.state`]23356 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the state of the local bluetooth adapter.</dd></dl>
### Event Handlers<a name="Event_Handlers"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.onattributechanged`]23357 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[attributechanged]23358 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/attributechanged")`event; it is triggered when one of the local bluetooth adapter&#39;s properties has changed</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.ondevicepaired`]23359 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[devicepaired]23360 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/devicepaired")`event; it is triggered when a remote device gets paired with the local bluetooth adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.ondeviceunpaired`]23361 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[deviceunpaired]23362 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/deviceunpaired")`event; it is triggered when a remote device gets unpaired from the local bluetooth adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.onpairingaborted`]23363 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[pairingaborted]23364 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/pairingaborted")`event; it is triggered when pairing fails due to authentication failure, the remote device being down (bluetooth ACL becomes disconnected), or some kind of internal error.</dd></dl>

**Note:**Because the[`BluetoothAdapter`]23365 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")interface inherits from the[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them.")interface, all these events can be listened by using the[`addEventListener`]15701 "The EventTarget.addEventListener() method adds the specified EventListener-compatible object to the list of event listeners for the specified event type on the EventTarget on which it is called. The event target may be an Element in a document, the Document itself, a Window, or any other object that supports events (such as XMLHttpRequest).")method.



### Obsolete properties<a name="Obsolete_properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.class`]23366 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>A number representing the Class of Device(CoD) field of the device&#39;s adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.discoverableTimeout`]23367 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>A number indicating how long (in seconds) the device remains discoverable.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.devices`]23368 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An`[Array]4240 "")`of[`BluetoothDevice`]23369 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")object representing all the Bluetooth devices discovered in the area surrounding the device.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.uuids`]23370 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An`[Array]4240 "")`of string, each of them representing the<abbr>UUID</abbr>of a Bluetooth service the device&#39;s adapter is able to provide.</dd></dl>
### Obsolete event handlers<a name="Obsolete_event_handlers"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.ona2dpstatuschanged`]23371 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[a2dpstatuschanged]23328 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/a2dpstatuschanged")`event; it is triggered when an[<abbr>A2DP</abbr>]23329 "")connection status changes.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.ondevicefound`]23372 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[devicefound]23373 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/devicefound")`event; it is triggered when a Bluetooth device is found.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.onhfpstatuschanged`]23374 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[hfpstatuschanged]23338 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/hfpstatuschanged")`event; it is triggered when an[<abbr>HFP</abbr>]23339 "")connection status changes.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.onpairedstatuschanged`]23375 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[pairedstatuschanged]23340 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/pairedstatuschanged")`event; it is triggered when a pairing process is completed.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.onrequestmediaplaystatus`]23376 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[requestmediaplaystatus]23377 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/requestmediaplaystatus")`event; it is triggered when a remote Bluetooth device queries the current media play status.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.onscostatuschanged`]23378 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[scostatuschanged]23342 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/scostatuschanged")`event; it is triggered when a<abbr>[SCO]23343 "")</abbr>connection status changes.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.enable()`]23379 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Enables the local bluetooth adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.disable()`]23380 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Disables the local bluetooth adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.getPairedDevices()`]23381 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows retrieving a full list of all devices paired with the device&#39;s adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.pair()`]23382 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to start pairing a remote device with the device&#39;s adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.setDiscoverable()`]23383 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to change the value of the[`discoverable`]23349 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.startDiscovery()`]23384 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows the device&#39;s adapter to start seeking for remote devices.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.startLeScan()`]23385 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Instructs the device&#39;s adapter to start seeking for remote LE devices advertising given services.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.setName()`]23386 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to change the value of the[`name`]23353 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.stopDiscovery()`]23387 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows the device&#39;s adapter to stop seeking for remote devices.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.stopLeScan()`]23388 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Instructs the device&#39;s adapter to stop scanning for remote LE devices.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.unpair()`]23389 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to unpair a remote device from the device&#39;s adapter.</dd></dl>
### Obsolete methods<a name="Obsolete_methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.answerWaitingCall()`]23390 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows[<abbr>HFP</abbr>]23339 "")devices to answer a pending incoming call on a[<abbr>CDMA</abbr>]23391 "")network.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.confirmReceivingFile()`]23392 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to confirm reception of a file from a remote device.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.connect()`]23393 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to connect the device to a remote device using a given Bluetooth profile.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.connectSco()`]23394 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows the device to enable the SCO connection to broadcast/listen audio to/from the remote devices it is connected to.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.disconnect()`]23395 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to disconnect the device from a remote device for one or all Bluetooth profiles.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.disconnectSco()`]23396 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows the device to disable the SCO connection with the remote devices it is connected to.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.getConnectedDevices()`]23397 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows retrieving a full list of all devices connected to the device&#39;s adapter.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.ignoreWaitingCall()`]23398 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows[<abbr>HFP</abbr>]23339 "")devices to dismiss a pending incoming call on a[<abbr>CDMA</abbr>]23391 "")network.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.isConnected()`]23399 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to know if the given Bluetooth service is connected or not .</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.isScoConnected()`]23400 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to know if the device is connected through a SCO connection with the remote devices it is connected to.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.sendFile()`]23401 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to start sending a file to a given remote device.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.sendMediaMetaData()`]23402 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to send metadata about a media to remote devices connected with the[<abbr>AVRCP</abbr>]23403 "")profile.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.sendMediaPlayStatus()`]23404 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to send the play status of the device to remote devices connected with the[<abbr>AVRCP</abbr>]23403 "")profile.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.setDiscoverableTimeout()`]23405 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to change the value of the[`discoverableTimeout`]23367 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.setPairingConfirmation()`]23406 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to accept the pairing confirmation to pair the device&#39;s adapter with a remote device.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.setPasskey()`]23407 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to define a pass key to pair the device&#39;s adapter with a remote device.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.setPinCode()`]23408 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to define a pin code to pair the device&#39;s adapter with a remote device.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.stopSendingFile()`]23409 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows to stop sending a file to a given remote device.</dd><dt id=''>[`BluetoothAdapter.toggleCalls()`]23410 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Allows[<abbr>HFP</abbr>]23339 "")devices to switch from one call to the other on a[<abbr>CDMA</abbr>]23391 "")network.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Bluetooth<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;BluetoothAdapter&#39; in that specification.</small>]23411 "") | Draft | Rough draft; not part of any official specification yet. It should be discussed as part of the[W3C&#39;s System Applications Working Group]4301 ""). 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>


Firefox OS 2.1 adds Bluetooth &#39;v2&#39; support:`pairingReqs`,`state`,`onadapterremoved, gattServer`,`onattributechange`,`ondevicepaired`,`ondeviceunpaired`,`onpairingaborted, enable(), disable(), startLeScan(), stopLeScan()`



Firefox 1.0.1 Bluetooth initial support:`address`,`discoverable, discovering`,`name`,`class`,`discoverableTimeout`,`devices`,`uuids, ona2dpstatuschanged`,`ondevicefound`,`onhfpstatuschanged`,`onpairedstatuschanged`,`onrequestmediaplaystatus`,`onscostatuschanged`,`setName()`,`setDiscoverable()`,`startDiscovery()`,`stopdiscovery()`,`pair()`,`unpair()`,`getPairedDevices(), answerWaitingCall(), confirmReceivingFile(), connect(), connectSco(), disconnect(), disconnectSco(), getConnectedDevices(), ignoreWaitingCall(), isConnected(), isScoConnected(), sendFile(), sendMediaMetaData(), sendMediaPlayStatus(), setDiscoverableTimeout(), setPairingConformation(), setPasskey(), setPinCode(), stopSendingFile(), toggleCalls()`


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


[Using the Web Bluetooth API]23412 "")




## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [API]22815 "")
* [B2G]23331 "")
* [BluetoothAdapter]23413 "")
* [Firefox OS]23332 "")
* [Interface]23414 "")
* [Non-standard]23415 "")
* [Reference]22199 "")
* [Référence(2)]23334 "")
* [Web Bluetooth]23335 "")
* [WebAPI]23336 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz]22202 ""),[chrisdavidmills]22892 ""),[teoli]22366 ""),[Jamin_Liu]23337 ""),[eric30]23416 ""),[Jeremie]22851 ""),[Sheppy]22371 ""),[kscarfone]22505 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz]22202 ""),<time>Jan 28, 2018, 5:15:57 AM</time>


