---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/BudgetService#Browser_compatibility
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4356 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4357 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]4358 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`BudgetService`**interface of the[Web Budget API]4359 "")provides a programmatic interface to the user agent’s budget service. It is available in both document and worker environments.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


None.


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`BudgetService.getCost()`]4360 "The getCost() property of the BudgetService interface returns a Promise that resolves to a double indicating the worst-case background operation cost of the provided background operation.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4281 "The Promise interface represents a proxy for a value not necessarily known at its creation time. It allows you to associate handlers to an asynchronous action's eventual success or failure. This lets asynchronous methods return values like synchronous methods: instead of the final value, the asynchronous method returns a promise of having a value at some point in the future.")that resolves to a double, indicating the worst-case background operation cost of the provided background operation.</dd><dt id=''>[`BudgetService.getBudget()`]4361 "The getBudget() property of the BudgetService interface returns a Promise that resolves to an array of BudgetState objects indicating the expected state of the budget at times in the future.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4281 "The Promise interface represents a proxy for a value not necessarily known at its creation time. It allows you to associate handlers to an asynchronous action's eventual success or failure. This lets asynchronous methods return values like synchronous methods: instead of the final value, the asynchronous method returns a promise of having a value at some point in the future.")that resolves to an array of[`BudgetState`]4362 "The BudgetState interface of the the Web Budget API provides the amount of the user agent's processing budget at a specific point in time.")objects, indicating the expected state of the budget at times in the future.</dd><dt id=''>[`BudgetService.reserve()`]4363 "The reserve() property of the BudgetService interface returns a Promise that resolves to a boolean indicating whether the requested budget operation can be reserved.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4281 "The Promise interface represents a proxy for a value not necessarily known at its creation time. It allows you to associate handlers to an asynchronous action's eventual success or failure. This lets asynchronous methods return values like synchronous methods: instead of the final value, the asynchronous method returns a promise of having a value at some point in the future.")that resolves to a boolean, indicating whether the requested budget operation can be reserved.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Budget API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;BudgetService&#39; in that specification.</small>]4364 "") | Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`getBudget`]4365 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`getCost`]4366 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`reserve`]4367 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [BudgetService]4368 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Budget API]4369 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[DPangerl]4370 ""),[david_ross]3412 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 3:42:20 AM</time>


