---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/toString#
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46171 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42555 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The**`SIMD.%type%.toString()`**method returns a[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters.")representing a[`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")object.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.toString()
SIMD.Float64x2.toString()

SIMD.Int8x16.toString()
SIMD.Int16x8.toString()
SIMD.Int32x4.toString()

SIMD.Uint8x16.toString()
SIMD.Uint16x8.toString()
SIMD.Uint32x4.toString()

SIMD.Bool8x16.toString() 
SIMD.Bool16x8.toString() 
SIMD.Bool32x4.toString()
SIMD.Bool64x2.toString()

```

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters.")representing the[`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")object.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Using`toString()`with a Float32x4<a name="Using_toString()_with_a_Float32x4"></a>

```
var a = SIMD.Float32x4(11, 22, 33, 44);

a.toString(); // "SIMD.Float32x4(11, 22, 33, 44)"
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.prototype.toString()&#39; in that specification.</small>]46172 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



