---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/valueOf#
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46174 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42556 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The**`SIMD.%type%.valueOf()`**method performs a type check returns the`this`value.



In Firefox (SpiderMonkey), this method currently always throws a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")as there are no proper value semantics for SIMD types defined yet.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.valueOf()
SIMD.Float64x2.valueOf()

SIMD.Int8x16.valueOf()
SIMD.Int16x8.valueOf()
SIMD.Int32x4.valueOf()

SIMD.Uint8x16.valueOf()
SIMD.Uint16x8.valueOf()
SIMD.Uint32x4.valueOf()

SIMD.Bool8x16.valueOf() 
SIMD.Bool16x8.valueOf() 
SIMD.Bool32x4.valueOf()
SIMD.Bool64x2.valueOf()

```

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


The`this`value of a[`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")object.


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>


A[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")(&quot;can&#39;t convert SIMD value to number&quot;) is thrown when attempting to convert SIMD values to[`Number`]14073 "The Number JavaScript object is a wrapper object allowing you to work with numerical values. A Number object is created using the Number() constructor.").


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Using`valueOf()`with a Float32x4<a name="Using_valueOf()_with_a_Float32x4"></a>

```
var a = SIMD.Float32x4(11, 22, 33, 44);

a.valueOf(); // TypeError: can't convert SIMD value to number
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.prototype.valueOf()&#39; in that specification.</small>]46175 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



