---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font
---





The**`font`**CSS property is either a shorthand property for setting[`font-style`]33759 "The font-style CSS property specifies whether a font should be styled with a normal, italic, or oblique face from its font-family."),[`font-variant`]30116 "The font-variant CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties font-variant-caps, font-variant-numeric, font-variant-alternates, font-variant-ligatures, and font-variant-east-asian. You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of font-variant, (that is, normal or small-caps), by using the font shorthand."),[`font-weight`]31392 "The font-weight CSS property specifies the weight (or boldness) of the font. The font weights available to you will depend on the font-family you are using. Some fonts are only available in normal and bold."),[`font-size`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units."),[`line-height`]12926 "The line-height CSS property sets the amount of space used for lines, such as in text. On block-level elements, it specifies the minimum height of line boxes within the element. On non-replaced inline elements, it specifies the height that is used to calculate line box height."), and[`font-family`]33026 "The font-family CSS property specifies a prioritized list of one or more font family names and/or generic family names for the selected element."); or a way to set the element&#39;s font to a system font, using specific keywords.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/font.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


As with any shorthand property, any individual value that is not specified is set to its corresponding initial value (possibly overriding values previously set using non-shorthand properties). Though not directly settable by`font`, the longhands[`font-stretch`]33761 "The font-stretch CSS property selects a normal, condensed, or expanded face from a font."),[`font-size-adjust`]33762 "The font-size-adjust CSS property specifies that the font size should be chosen based on the height of lowercase letters rather than the height of capital letters. This is useful since the legibility of fonts, especially at small sizes, is determined more by the size of lowercase letters than by the size of capital letters."), and[`font-kerning`]30114 "The font-kerning CSS property controls the usage of the kerning information stored in a font.")are also reset to their initial values.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`font`property may be specified as either a single keyword, which will select a system font, or as a shorthand for various font-related properties.



If`font`is specified as a system keyword, it must be one of:`[caption](%23656#caption "")`,`[icon](%23656#icon "")`,`[menu](%23656#menu "")`,`[message-box](%23656#message-box "")`,`[small-caption](%23656#small-caption "")`,`[status-bar](%23656#status-bar "")`.



If`font`is specified as a shorthand for several font-related properties, then:


* it must include values for:
	* [`<font-size>`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units.")
	* [`<font-family>`]33026 "The font-family CSS property specifies a prioritized list of one or more font family names and/or generic family names for the selected element.")
* it may optionally include values for:
	* [`<font-style>`]33759 "The font-style CSS property specifies whether a font should be styled with a normal, italic, or oblique face from its font-family.")
	* [`<font-variant>`]30116 "The font-variant CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties font-variant-caps, font-variant-numeric, font-variant-alternates, font-variant-ligatures, and font-variant-east-asian. You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of font-variant, (that is, normal or small-caps), by using the font shorthand.")
	* [`<font-weight>`]31392 "The font-weight CSS property specifies the weight (or boldness) of the font. The font weights available to you will depend on the font-family you are using. Some fonts are only available in normal and bold.")
	* [`<line-height>`]12926 "The line-height CSS property sets the amount of space used for lines, such as in text. On block-level elements, it specifies the minimum height of line boxes within the element. On non-replaced inline elements, it specifies the height that is used to calculate line box height.")
* `font-style`,`font-variant`and`font-weight`must precede`font-size`
* `font-variant`may only specify the values defined in CSS 2.1, that is`normal`and`small-caps`
* `line-height`must immediately follow`font-size`, preceded by &quot;/&quot;, like this: &quot;`16px/3`&quot;
* `font-family`must be the last value specified.

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id='<'font-style'>'>`<'font-style'>`</dt><dd>See the[`font-style`]33759 "The font-style CSS property specifies whether a font should be styled with a normal, italic, or oblique face from its font-family.")CSS property.</dd><dt id='<'font-variant'>'>`<'font-variant'>`</dt><dd>See the[`font-variant`]30116 "The font-variant CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties font-variant-caps, font-variant-numeric, font-variant-alternates, font-variant-ligatures, and font-variant-east-asian. You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of font-variant, (that is, normal or small-caps), by using the font shorthand.")CSS property.</dd><dt id='<'font-weight'>'>`<'font-weight'>`</dt><dd>See the[`font-weight`]31392 "The font-weight CSS property specifies the weight (or boldness) of the font. The font weights available to you will depend on the font-family you are using. Some fonts are only available in normal and bold.")CSS property.</dd><dt id='<'font-stretch'>'>`<'font-stretch'>`</dt><dd>See the[`font-stretch`]33761 "The font-stretch CSS property selects a normal, condensed, or expanded face from a font.")CSS property.</dd><dt id='<'font-size'>'>`<'font-size'>`</dt><dd>See the[`font-size`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units.")CSS property.</dd><dt id='<'line-height'>'>`<'line-height'>`</dt><dd>See the[`line-height`]12926 "The line-height CSS property sets the amount of space used for lines, such as in text. On block-level elements, it specifies the minimum height of line boxes within the element. On non-replaced inline elements, it specifies the height that is used to calculate line box height.")CSS property.</dd><dt id='<'font-family'>'>`<'font-family'>`</dt><dd>See the[`font-family`]33026 "The font-family CSS property specifies a prioritized list of one or more font family names and/or generic family names for the selected element.")CSS property.</dd></dl>
#### System font values<a name="System_font_values"></a>
<dl><dt id='caption'>`caption`</dt><dd>The system font used for captioned controls (e.g., buttons, drop-downs, etc.).</dd><dt id='icon'>`icon`</dt><dd>The system font used to label icons.</dd><dt id='menu'>`menu`</dt><dd>The system font used in menus (e.g., dropdown menus and menu lists).</dd><dt id='message-box'>`message-box`</dt><dd>The system font used in dialog boxes.</dd><dt id='small-caption'>`small-caption`</dt><dd>The system font used for labeling small controls.</dd><dt id='status-bar'>`status-bar`</dt><dd>The system font used in window status bars.</dd><dt id=''>Prefixed system font keywords</dt><dd>Browsers often implement several more, prefixed, keywords: Gecko implements`-moz-window`,`-moz-document`,`-moz-desktop`,`-moz-info`,`-moz-dialog`,`-moz-button`,`-moz-pull-down-menu`,`-moz-list`, and`-moz-field`.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ [ <'font-style'> || <font-variant-css21> || <'font-weight'> || <'font-stretch'> ]? <'font-size'> [ / <'line-height'> ]? <'font-family'> ] | caption | icon | menu | message-box | small-caption | status-barwhere <font-variant-css21> = [ normal | small-caps ]
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
/* Set the font size to 12px and the line height to 14px.
   Set the font family to sans-serif */
p { font: 12px/14px sans-serif }

/* Set the font size to 80% of the parent element
   or default value (if no parent element present).
   Set the font family to sans-serif */
p { font: 80% sans-serif }

/* Set the font weight to bold,
   the font-style to italic,
   the font size to large,
   and the font family to serif. */
p { font: bold italic large serif }

/* Use the same font as the status bar of the window */
p { font: status-bar }
```

### Live sample<a name="live_sample"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font$samples/live_sample?revision=1370209' width='100%' height='380px'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font&#39; in that specification.</small>]36759 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Added support for`font-stretch`values. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-weight&#39; in that specification.</small>]30057 "") | Recommendation | Added support for keywords. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font&#39; in that specification.</small>]30058 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`font-style`]33759 "The font-style CSS property specifies whether a font should be styled with a normal, italic, or oblique face from its font-family."):`normal`
* [`font-variant`]30116 "The font-variant CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties font-variant-caps, font-variant-numeric, font-variant-alternates, font-variant-ligatures, and font-variant-east-asian. You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of font-variant, (that is, normal or small-caps), by using the font shorthand."):`normal`
* [`font-weight`]31392 "The font-weight CSS property specifies the weight (or boldness) of the font. The font weights available to you will depend on the font-family you are using. Some fonts are only available in normal and bold."):`normal`
* [`font-stretch`]33761 "The font-stretch CSS property selects a normal, condensed, or expanded face from a font."):`normal`
* [`font-size`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units."):`medium`
* [`line-height`]12926 "The line-height CSS property sets the amount of space used for lines, such as in text. On block-level elements, it specifies the minimum height of line boxes within the element. On non-replaced inline elements, it specifies the height that is used to calculate line box height."):`normal`
* [`font-family`]33026 "The font-family CSS property specifies a prioritized list of one or more font family names and/or generic family names for the selected element."): depends on user agent 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables).")and[`::first-line`]28554 "The ::first-line CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first line of a block-level element."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Percentages | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`font-size`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units."): refer to the parent element&#39;s font size
* [`line-height`]12926 "The line-height CSS property sets the amount of space used for lines, such as in text. On block-level elements, it specifies the minimum height of line boxes within the element. On non-replaced inline elements, it specifies the height that is used to calculate line box height."): refer to the font size of the element itself 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`font-style`]33759 "The font-style CSS property specifies whether a font should be styled with a normal, italic, or oblique face from its font-family."): as specified
* [`font-variant`]30116 "The font-variant CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties font-variant-caps, font-variant-numeric, font-variant-alternates, font-variant-ligatures, and font-variant-east-asian. You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of font-variant, (that is, normal or small-caps), by using the font shorthand."): as specified
* [`font-weight`]31392 "The font-weight CSS property specifies the weight (or boldness) of the font. The font weights available to you will depend on the font-family you are using. Some fonts are only available in normal and bold."): the keyword or the numerical value as specified, with`bolder`and`lighter`transformed to the real value
* [`font-stretch`]33761 "The font-stretch CSS property selects a normal, condensed, or expanded face from a font."): as specified
* [`font-size`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units."): as specified, but with relative lengths converted into absolute lengths
* [`line-height`]12926 "The line-height CSS property sets the amount of space used for lines, such as in text. On block-level elements, it specifies the minimum height of line boxes within the element. On non-replaced inline elements, it specifies the height that is used to calculate line box height."): for percentage and length values, the absolute length, otherwise as specified
* [`font-family`]33026 "The font-family CSS property specifies a prioritized list of one or more font family names and/or generic family names for the selected element."): as specified 
Animation type | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`font-style`]33759 "The font-style CSS property specifies whether a font should be styled with a normal, italic, or oblique face from its font-family."): discrete
* [`font-variant`]30116 "The font-variant CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties font-variant-caps, font-variant-numeric, font-variant-alternates, font-variant-ligatures, and font-variant-east-asian. You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of font-variant, (that is, normal or small-caps), by using the font shorthand."): discrete
* [`font-weight`]31392 "The font-weight CSS property specifies the weight (or boldness) of the font. The font weights available to you will depend on the font-family you are using. Some fonts are only available in normal and bold."): a[font weight]30054 "Font weight values are interpolated via discrete steps (multiples of 100). The interpolation happens in real number space and is converted to an integer by rounding to the nearest multiple of 100, with values halfway between multiples of 100 rounded towards positive infinity.")
* [`font-stretch`]33761 "The font-stretch CSS property selects a normal, condensed, or expanded face from a font."): a[font stretch]30055 "Font stretch values are interpolated in discrete steps. The interpolation happens as though the ordered values are equally spaced real numbers; the result is rounded to the nearest value, with values exactly halfway between two values rounded towards the later value, that is the most expanded one.")
* [`font-size`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units."): a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.")
* [`line-height`]12926 "The line-height CSS property sets the amount of space used for lines, such as in text. On block-level elements, it specifies the minimum height of line boxes within the element. On non-replaced inline elements, it specifies the height that is used to calculate line box height."): either number or length
* [`font-family`]33026 "The font-family CSS property specifies a prioritized list of one or more font family names and/or generic family names for the selected element."): discrete 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
System fonts | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
Support for`font-stretch`values | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



