---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Using_native_JSON
---





The**`JSON`**object contains methods for parsing[JavaScript Object Notation]46667 "")([JSON]16796 "JSON: JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a data-interchange format.  Although not a strict subset, JSON closely resembles a subset of JavaScript syntax. Though many programming languages support JSON, JSON is especially useful for JavaScript-based apps, including websites and browser extensions.")) and converting values to JSON. It can&#39;t be called or constructed, and aside from its two method properties, it has no interesting functionality of its own.


## JavaScript and JSON differences<a name="JavaScript_and_JSON_differences"></a>


JSON is a syntax for serializing objects, arrays, numbers, strings, booleans, and[`null`]6598 "The value null represents the intentional absence of any object value. It is one of JavaScript's primitive values."). It is based upon JavaScript syntax but is distinct from it: some JavaScript is not JSON.



**Objects and Arrays**: Property names must be double-quoted strings; trailing commas are forbidden.



**Numbers**: Leading zeros are prohibited (in[`JSON.stringify`]46666 "The JSON.stringify() method converts a JavaScript value to a JSON string, optionally replacing values if a replacer function is specified or optionally including only the specified properties if a replacer array is specified.")zeros will be ignored, but in[`JSON.parse`]26915 "The JSON.parse() method parses a JSON string, constructing the JavaScript value or object described by the string. An optional reviver function can be provided to perform a transformation on the resulting object before it is returned.")it will throw SyntaxError); a decimal point must be followed by at least one digit.



**Any JSON text is a valid JavaScript expression**– but only in JavaScript engines that have implemented the[proposal to make all JSON text valid ECMA-262]46668 ""). In engines that haven&#39;t implemented the proposal, U+2028 LINE SEPARATOR and U+2029 PARAGRAPH SEPARATOR are allowed in string literals and property keys in JSON; but their use in these features in JavaScript literals is a[`SyntaxError`]40862 "The SyntaxError object represents an error when trying to interpret syntactically invalid code.").



Consider this example where[`JSON.parse()`]26915 "The JSON.parse() method parses a JSON string, constructing the JavaScript value or object described by the string. An optional reviver function can be provided to perform a transformation on the resulting object before it is returned.")parses the string as JSON and`[eval]24460 "")`executes the string as JavaScript:


```
var code = '"\u2028\u2029"';
JSON.parse(code); // evaluates to "\u2028\u2029" in all engines
eval(code); // throws a SyntaxError in old engines
```

## Full JSON syntax<a name="Full_JSON_syntax"></a>


The full JSON syntax is as follows:


```
JSON = null
    or true or false
    or JSONNumber
    or JSONString
    or JSONObject
    or JSONArray

JSONNumber = - PositiveNumber
          or PositiveNumber
PositiveNumber = DecimalNumber
              or DecimalNumber . Digits
              or DecimalNumber . Digits ExponentPart
              or DecimalNumber ExponentPart
DecimalNumber = 0
             or OneToNine Digits
ExponentPart = e Exponent
            or E Exponent
Exponent = Digits
        or + Digits
        or - Digits
Digits = Digit
      or Digits Digit
Digit = 0 through 9
OneToNine = 1 through 9

JSONString = ""
          or " StringCharacters "
StringCharacters = StringCharacter
                or StringCharacters StringCharacter
StringCharacter = any character
                  except " or \ or U+0000 through U+001F
               or EscapeSequence
EscapeSequence = \" or \/ or \\ or \b or \f or \n or \r or \t
              or \u HexDigit HexDigit HexDigit HexDigit
HexDigit = 0 through 9
        or A through F
        or a through f

JSONObject = { }
          or { Members }
Members = JSONString : JSON
       or Members , JSONString : JSON

JSONArray = [ ]
         or [ ArrayElements ]
ArrayElements = JSON
             or ArrayElements , JSON
```


Insignificant whitespace may be present anywhere except within a`<var>JSONNumber</var>`(numbers must contain no whitespace) or`<var>JSONString</var>`(where it is interpreted as the corresponding character in the string, or would cause an error). The tab character ([U+0009]42154 "")), carriage return ([U+000D]42155 "")), line feed ([U+000A]46669 "")), and space ([U+0020]42156 "")) characters are the only valid whitespace characters.


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`JSON.parse()`]26915 "The JSON.parse() method parses a JSON string, constructing the JavaScript value or object described by the string. An optional reviver function can be provided to perform a transformation on the resulting object before it is returned.")</dt><dd>Parse a string as JSON, optionally transform the produced value and its properties, and return the value.</dd><dt id=''>[`JSON.stringify()`]46666 "The JSON.stringify() method converts a JavaScript value to a JSON string, optionally replacing values if a replacer function is specified or optionally including only the specified properties if a replacer array is specified.")</dt><dd>Return a JSON string corresponding to the specified value, optionally including only certain properties or replacing property values in a user-defined manner.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript 5.1 (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;JSON&#39; in that specification.</small>]42160 "") | Standard | Initial definition. 
[ECMAScript 2015 (6th Edition, ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;JSON&#39; in that specification.</small>]42161 "") | Standard |  
[ECMAScript Latest Draft (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;JSON&#39; in that specification.</small>]42162 "") | Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`parse`]42163 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`stringify`]42164 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[JavaScript is a superset of JSON]46670 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>66 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>66 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>66 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd></dl>



## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Date.prototype.toJSON()`]44185 "The toJSON() method returns a string representation of the Date object.")



