---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Element/tabStop
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26499 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26500 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.




The**`tabStop`**property of the[`Element`]8678 "Element is the most general base class from which all objects in a Document inherit. It only has methods and properties common to all kinds of elements. More specific classes inherit from Element.")interface returns a[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")indicating if the element can receive input focus via the tab key. If the specified element is a shadow host tab navigation is delegated to its children.



This property was proposed to add tab functionality for Custom Elements. While with the existing[`tabIndex`]26501 "The HTMLElement.tabIndex property represents the tab order of the current element.")property, it is required to specify an order for the element to become tabbable. The`tabStop`property would decouple the tabbable property from the tab index. After feedback, this property was removed from the[design doc]26502 "")and replaced by[`ShadowRoot.delegatesFocus`]26503 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var isTabStop = element.tabStop;
element.tabStop = (true|false);
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
// TBD
```

## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 43.0 | ? | ? | ? | ? 






## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Element]10334 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Jedipedia]4038 ""),[valtlai]12279 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Jedipedia]4038 ""),<time>Nov 1, 2017, 7:41:33 PM</time>


