---
manual:HTML
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/autocapitalize
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]39774 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]39734 "")版。</bdi>






The`**autocapitalize**`[global attribute]39024 "")is an enumerated attribute that controls whether and how text input is automatically capitalized as it is entered/edited by the user. The attribute must take one of the following values:


* `off`or`none`: No autocapitalization is applied (all letters default to lowercase)
* `on`or`sentences`: The first letter of each sentence defaults to a capital letter; all other letters default to lowercase
* `words`: The first letter of each word defaults to a capital letter; all other letters default to lowercase
* `characters`: All letters should default to uppercase


The`autocapitalize`attribute doesn’t affect behavior when typing on a physical keyboard. Instead, it affects the behavior of other input mechanisms, such as virtual keyboards on mobile devices and voice input. The behavior of such mechanisms is that they often assist users by automatically capitalizing the first letter of sentences. The`autocapitalize`attribute enables authors to override that behavior per-element.



The`autocapitalize`attribute never causes autocapitalization to be enabled for an[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")element with a`[type]27547 "")`attribute whose value is`url`,`email`, or`password`.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;autocapitalize&#39; in that specification.</small>]39775 "") | Living Standard |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



