---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CSSValueList
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4676 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4591 "")版。</bdi>






The`**CSSValueList**`interface derives from the[`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")interface and provides the abstraction of an ordered collection of CSS values.



Some properties allow an empty list in their syntax. In that case, these properties take the`none`identifier. So, an empty list means that the property has the value`none`.



The items in the`CSSValueList`are accessible via an integral index, starting from 0.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSValueList$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1374082' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")</em>.

<dl><dt>[`CSSValueList.length`]4677 "The length read-only property of the CSSValueList interface represents the number of CSSValues in the list. The range of valid values of the indices is 0 to length-1 inclusive.")Read only</dt><dd>An`unsigned long`representing the number of`CSSValues`in the list.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`CSSValueList.item()`]4678 "The item() method of the CSSValueList interface is used to retrieve a CSSValue by ordinal index.")</dt><dd>This method is used to retrieve a[`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")by ordinal index. The order in this collection represents the order of the values in the CSS style property. If index is greater than or equal to the number of values in the list, this returns`null`.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Style Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSValuesList&#39; in that specification.</small>]4679 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`length`]4680 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`item`]4681 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`CSSPrimitiveValue`]4555 "The CSSPrimitiveValue interface derives from the CSSValue interface and represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")
* [`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSValueList]4682 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:02:55 AM</time>


