---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CaretPosition
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4781 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4782 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2605#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.



## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The`CaretPosition`interface represents the caret postion, an indicator for the text insertion point. You can get a`CaretPosition`using the[`document.caretPositionFromPoint`]4784 "The caretPositionFromPoint() property of the DocumentOrShadowRoot interface returns a CaretPosition object, containing the DOM node, along with the caret and caret's character offset within that node.")method.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t inherit any property.</em>

<dl><dt>[`CaretPosition.offsetNode`]4785 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`Node`]4786 "Node is an interface from which a number of DOM API object types inherit; it allows these various types to be treated similarly, for example inheriting the same set of methods, or being tested in the same way.")containing the found node at the caret&#39;s position.</dd><dt>[`CaretPosition.offset`]4787 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a`long`representing the character offset in the caret position node.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`CaretPosition.getClientRect`]4788 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt></dl>
## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Object Model (CSSOM) View Module<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CaretPosition&#39; in that specification.</small>]4789 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>20 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>20 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Document.caretPositionFromPoint()`]4784 "The caretPositionFromPoint() property of the DocumentOrShadowRoot interface returns a CaretPosition object, containing the DOM node, along with the caret and caret's character offset within that node.")
* [`Range`]4790 "The Range interface represents a fragment of a document that can contain nodes and parts of text nodes.")
* [`Node`]4786 "Node is an interface from which a number of DOM API object types inherit; it allows these various types to be treated similarly, for example inheriting the same set of methods, or being tested in the same way.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSOM View]4791 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Claas]4793 ""),[cvrebert]4794 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Claas]4793 ""),<time>Apr 19, 2018, 3:32:00 PM</time>


