---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Clients
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4884 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4885 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2612#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The`Clients`interface provides access to[`Client`]4887 "The Client interface represents an executable context such as a Worker, or a SharedWorker. Window clients are represented by the more-specific WindowClient. You can get Client/WindowClient objects from methods such as Clients.matchAll() and Clients.get().")objects. Access it via`[`self`]4888 "The ServiceWorkerGlobalScope interface of the ServiceWorker API represents the global execution context of a service worker.").clients`within a[service worker]4317 "").


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`Clients.get()`]4889 "The get() method of the Clients interface gets a service worker client matching a given id and returns it in a Promise.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")for a[`Client`]4887 "The Client interface represents an executable context such as a Worker, or a SharedWorker. Window clients are represented by the more-specific WindowClient. You can get Client/WindowClient objects from methods such as Clients.matchAll() and Clients.get().")matching a given[`id`]4890 "The id read-only property of the Client interface returns the universally unique identifier of the Client object.").</dd><dt>[`Clients.matchAll()`]4891 "The matchAll() method of the Clients interface returns a Promise for a list of service worker Client objects. Include the options parameter to return all service worker clients whose origin is the same as the associated service worker's origin. If options are not included, the method returns only the service worker clients controlled by the service worker.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")for an array of[`Client`]4887 "The Client interface represents an executable context such as a Worker, or a SharedWorker. Window clients are represented by the more-specific WindowClient. You can get Client/WindowClient objects from methods such as Clients.matchAll() and Clients.get().")objects. An options argument allows you to control the types of clients returned.</dd><dt>[`Clients.openWindow()`]4892 "The openWindow() method of the Clients interface creates a new top level browsing context and loads a given URL. If the calling script doesn't have permission to show popups, openWindow() will throw an InvalidAccessError.")</dt><dd>Opens a new browser window for a given url and returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")for the new[`WindowClient`]4893 "The WindowClient interface of the ServiceWorker API represents the scope of a service worker client that is a document in a browser context, controlled by an active worker. The service worker client independently selects and uses a service worker for its own loading and sub-resources.").</dd><dt>[`Clients.claim()`]4894 "The claim() method of the Clients allows an active service worker to set itself as the controller for all clients within its scope. This triggers a "controllerchange" event on navigator.serviceWorker in any clients that become controlled by this service worker.")</dt><dd>Allows an active service worker to set itself as the[`controller`]4895 "The controller read-only property of the ServiceWorkerContainer interface returns a ServiceWorker object if its state is activated (the same object returned by ServiceWorkerRegistration.active). This property returns null if the request is a force refresh (Shift + refresh) or if there is no active worker.")for all clients within its[`scope`]4896 "The scope read-only property of the ServiceWorkerRegistration interface returns a unique identifier for a service worker registration. The service worker must be on the same origin as the document that registers the ServiceWorker.").</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following example shows an existing chat window or creates a new one when the user clicks a notification.


```
addEventListener('notificationclick', event => {
  event.waitUntil(async function() {
    const allClients = await clients.matchAll({
      includeUncontrolled: true
    });

    let chatClient;

    // Let's see if we already have a chat window open:
    for (const client of allClients) {
      const url = new URL(client.url);

      if (url.pathname == '/chat/') {
        // Excellent, let's use it!
        client.focus();
        chatClient = client;
        break;
      }
    }

    // If we didn't find an existing chat window,
    // open a new one:
    if (!chatClient) {
      chatClient = await clients.openWindow('/chat/');
    }

    // Message the client:
    chatClient.postMessage("New chat messages!");
  }());
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Clients&#39; in that specification.</small>]4897 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>27 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>27 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`claim`]4898 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`get`]4899 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`matchAll`]4900 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`openWindow`]4901 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using Service Workers]4703 "")
* [Is ServiceWorker ready?]4705 "")
* [`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Clients]4902 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Service worker API]4903 "")
* [Service Workers]4709 "")
* [ServiceWorker]4904 "")
* [Workers]4862 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[jaffathecake]4905 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Meggin]4906 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 4:55:06 AM</time>


