---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ConstantSourceNode
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]5029 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3966 "")版。</bdi>






The`ConstantSourceNode`interface—part of the Web Audio API—represents an audio source (based upon[`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.")) whose output is single unchanging value. This makes it useful for cases in which you need a constant value coming in from an audio source. In addition, it can be used like a constructible[`AudioParam`]3874 "There are two kinds of AudioParam, a-rate and k-rate parameters:")by automating the value of its[`offset`]5030 "The read-only offset property of the ConstantSourceNode interface returns a AudioParam object indicating the numeric a-rate value which is always returned by the source when asked for the next sample.")or by connecting another node to it; see[Controlling multiple parameters with ConstantSourceNode]5031 "").



A`ConstantSourceNode`has no inputs and exactly one monaural (one-channel) output. The output&#39;s value is always the same as the value of the[`offset`]5030 "The read-only offset property of the ConstantSourceNode interface returns a AudioParam object indicating the numeric a-rate value which is always returned by the source when asked for the next sample.")parameter.



Some implementations of this interface inherit from[`AudioSourceNode`]5032 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")directly, implementing`AudioScheduledSourceNode`&#39;s properties and methods.


Number of inputs | `0` 
Number of outputs | `1` 
Channel count | 1 


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ConstantSourceNode()`]5033 "The ConstantSourceNode() constructor creates a new ConstantSourceNode object instance, representing an audio source which constantly outputs samples whose values are always the same.")</dt><dd>Creates and returns a new`ConstantSourceNode`instance, optionally specifying an object which establishes initial values for the object&#39;s properties. You can also create a`ConstantSourceNode`whose properties are initialized to their default values by calling[`AudioContext.createConstantSource()`]5034 "The createConstantSource() property of the BaseAudioContext interface creates a ConstantSourceNode object, which is an audio source that continuously outputs a monaural (one-channel) sound signal whose samples all have the same value.").</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent interface,[`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler."), and adds the following properties:</em>

<dl><dt>[`offset`]5030 "The read-only offset property of the ConstantSourceNode interface returns a AudioParam object indicating the numeric a-rate value which is always returned by the source when asked for the next sample.")</dt><dd>An[`AudioParam`]3874 "There are two kinds of AudioParam, a-rate and k-rate parameters:")which specifies the value that this source continuously outputs. The default value is 1.0.</dd></dl>
### Event handlers<a name="Event_handlers"></a>


<em>Inherits event handlers from its parent interface,[`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.").</em>



Some browsers&#39; implementations of this event handler are part of the[`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.")interface.


<dl><dt>[`onended`]3964 "The onended event handler for the AudioScheduledSourceNode interface specifies an EventHandler to be executed when the ended event occurs on the node. This event is sent to the node when the concrete interface (such as AudioBufferSourceNode, OscillatorNode, or ConstantSourceNode) determines that it has stopped playing.")</dt><dd>Fired whenever the[`ConstantSourceNode`]3966 "The ConstantSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—represents an audio source (based upon AudioScheduledSourceNode) whose output is single unchanging value. This makes it useful for cases in which you need a constant value coming in from an audio source. In addition, it can be used like a constructible AudioParam by automating the value of its offset or by connecting another node to it; see Controlling multiple parameters with ConstantSourceNode.")data has stopped playing.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Inherits methods from its parent interface,[`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.").</em>



Some browsers&#39; implementations of these methods are part of the[`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.")interface.


<dl><dt>[`start()`]3962 "undefined")</dt><dd>Schedules a sound to playback at an exact time.</dd><dt>[`stop()`]3963 "The stop() method on AudioScheduledSourceNode schedules a sound to cease playback at the specified time. If no time is specified, then the sound stops playing immediately.")</dt><dd>Schedules a sound to stop playback at an exact time.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In the article[Controlling multiple parameters with ConstantSourceNode]5031 ""), a`ConstantSourceNode`is created to allow one slider control to change the gain on two[`GainNode`]5035 "The GainNode interface represents a change in volume. It is an AudioNode audio-processing module that causes a given gain to be applied to the input data before its propagation to the output. A GainNode always has exactly one input and one output, both with the same number of channels.")s. The three nodes are set up like this:


```
gainNode2 = context.createGain();
gainNode3 = context.createGain();
gainNode2.gain.value = gainNode3.gain.value = 0.5;
volumeSliderControl.value = gainNode2.gain.value;

constantNode = context.createConstantSource();
constantNode.connect(gainNode2.gain);
constantNode.connect(gainNode3.gain);
constantNode.start();

gainNode2.connect(context.destination);
gainNode3.connect(context.destination);
```


This code starts by creating the gain nodes and setting them and the volume control that will adjust their value all to 0.5. Then the`ConstantSourceNode`is created by calling[`AudioContext.createConstantSource()`]5034 "The createConstantSource() property of the BaseAudioContext interface creates a ConstantSourceNode object, which is an audio source that continuously outputs a monaural (one-channel) sound signal whose samples all have the same value."), and the gain parameters of each of the two gain nodes are connected to the`ConstantSourceNode`. After starting the constant source by calling its[`start()`]3962 "undefined")method. Finally, the two gain nodes are connected to the audio destination (typically speakers or headphones).



Now, whenever the value of[`constantNode.offset`]5030 "The read-only offset property of the ConstantSourceNode interface returns a AudioParam object indicating the numeric a-rate value which is always returned by the source when asked for the next sample.")changes, the gain on both`gainNode2`and`gainNode3`will change to have that same value.



To see this example in action, as well as to read the rest of the code from which these snippets were derived, see[Controlling multiple parameters with ConstantSourceNode.]5031 "")


## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ConstantSourceNode&#39; in that specification.</small>]5036 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`ConstantSourceNode()`constructor]5037 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`offset`]5038 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>52 — 53<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>52 — 53<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`onended`]5039 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>52 — 53<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>52 — 53<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`start`]5040 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>52 — 53<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>52 — 53<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`stop`]5041 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>52 — 53<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>52 — 53<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3743 "")
* [`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.")
* [`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [ConstantSourceNode]5042 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[raohmaru]5043 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[lukehorvat]5044 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[raohmaru]5043 ""),<time>Apr 3, 2018, 11:52:45 AM</time>


