---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ConstrainBoolean
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]5045 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]5046 "")版。</bdi>






The**`ConstrainBoolean`**dictionary is used to specify a constraint for a property whose value is a Boolean value. You can specify an exact value which must be matched, an ideal value that should be matched if at all possible, and a fallback value to attempt to match once all more specific constraints have been applied.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>`exact`</dt><dd>A Boolean which indicates a value the property must have.</dd><dt>`ideal`</dt><dd>A Boolean value indicating the ideal, but not required, value the property should ideally have. If possible, this value will be used, but the user agent will use the other value if it needs to in order to come up with a workable configuration.</dd></dl>

You can also specify the value of the property as simply`true`or`false`, in which case the user agent will use that value if possible once all efforts have been made to match the`exact`and`ideal`values for other properties.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Media Capture and Streams<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ConstrainBoolean&#39; in that specification.</small>]5047 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 



Technically,`ConstrainBoolean`is actually based on an intermediary dictionary named`ConstrainBooleanParameters`, which adds`exact`and`ideal`to the simple Boolean type. However, for the sake of documentation clarity, the intermediate type (present only because of quirks in[WebIDL]5048 "WebIDL: WebIDL is the interface description language used to describe the data types, interfaces, methods, properties, and other components which make up a Web application programming interface (API). It uses a somewhat stylized syntax which is independent of any specific programming language, so that the underlying code which is used to build each API can be written in whatever language is most appropriate, while still being possible to map the API's components to JavaScript-compatible constructs.")syntax) is ignored here.



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Media Capture and Streams API]5049 "")
* [Capabilities, constraints, and settings]5050 "")
* [`MediaTrackConstraints`]5051 "The MediaTrackConstraints dictionary is used to describe a set of capabilities and the value or values each can take on. A constraints dictionary is passed into applyConstraints() to allow a script to establish a set of exact (required) values or ranges and/or preferred values or ranges of values for the track, and the most recently-requested set of custom constraints can be retrieved by calling getConstraints().")
* [`MediaTrackCapabilities`]5052 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`MediaTrackSupportedConstraints`]5053 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary establishes the list of constrainable properties recognized by the user agent or browser in its implementation of the MediaStreamTrack object. An object conforming to MediaTrackSupportedConstraints is returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints().")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [ConstrainBooleanParameters]5054 "")
* [Constraints]5055 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Media Capture and Streams API]5056 "")
* [Media Streams API]5057 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web]119 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[lucian95]5059 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[lucian95]5059 ""),<time>Apr 12, 2018, 7:43:35 PM</time>


