---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ConstrainDOMString
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]5060 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]5061 "")版。</bdi>






The**`ConstrainDOMString`**dictionary is used to specify a constraint for a property whose value is a string. It allows you to specify one or more`exact`string values from which one must be the parameter&#39;s value, or a set of`ideal`values which should be used if possible. You can also specify a single string (or an array of strings) which the user agent will do its best to match once all more stringent constraints have been applied.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


The value of a`ConstrainDOMString`can be any of the following:


* A single[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")
* An array of[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")objects
* An object with one or both of the following properties:
<dl><dt>`exact`</dt><dd>Either a single[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")which must be the value of the property, or an array of`DOMString`objects one of which must be the property&#39;s value. If the property can&#39;t be set to one of the listed values, matching will fail.</dd><dt>`ideal`</dt><dd>Either a single[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")or an arrray of`DOMString`s specifying ideal values for the property. If possible, one of the listed values will be used, but if it&#39;s not possible, the user agent will use the closest possible match.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Media Capture and Streams<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ConstrainDOMString&#39; in that specification.</small>]5062 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 



Technically,`ConstrainDOMString`is actually based on an intermediary dictionary named`ConstrainDOMStringParameters`, which adds`exact`and`ideal`to[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String."). However, for the sake of documentation clarity, the intermediate type (present only because of quirks in[WebIDL]5048 "WebIDL: WebIDL is the interface description language used to describe the data types, interfaces, methods, properties, and other components which make up a Web application programming interface (API). It uses a somewhat stylized syntax which is independent of any specific programming language, so that the underlying code which is used to build each API can be written in whatever language is most appropriate, while still being possible to map the API's components to JavaScript-compatible constructs.")syntax) is ignored here.



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Media Capture and Streams API]5049 "")
* [Capabilities, constraints, and settings]5050 "")
* [`MediaTrackConstraints`]5051 "The MediaTrackConstraints dictionary is used to describe a set of capabilities and the value or values each can take on. A constraints dictionary is passed into applyConstraints() to allow a script to establish a set of exact (required) values or ranges and/or preferred values or ranges of values for the track, and the most recently-requested set of custom constraints can be retrieved by calling getConstraints().")
* [`MediaTrackCapabilities`]5052 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`MediaTrackSupportedConstraints`]5053 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary establishes the list of constrainable properties recognized by the user agent or browser in its implementation of the MediaStreamTrack object. An object conforming to MediaTrackSupportedConstraints is returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints().")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [ConstrainDOMStringParameters]5063 "")
* [Constraints]5055 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Media Capture and Streams API]5056 "")
* [Media Streams API]5057 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web]119 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[lucian95]5059 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[lucian95]5059 ""),<time>Apr 12, 2018, 7:45:03 PM</time>


