---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Coordinates
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章](%5088 "")。






The**`Coordinates`**interface represents the position and altitude of the device on Earth, as well as the accuracy with which these properties are calculated.


## 属性<a name="属性"></a>


<em>The`Coordinates`interface</em><em><em>doesn&#39;t inherit any property</em></em>.

<dl><dt>[`Coordinates.latitude`](%5089 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a`double`representing the position&#39;s latitude in decimal degrees.</dd><dt>[`Coordinates.longitude`](%5090 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a`double`representing the position&#39;s longitude in decimal degrees.</dd><dt>[`Coordinates.altitude`](%5091 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a`double`representing the position&#39;s altitude in metres, relative to sea level. This value can be`null`if the implementation cannot provide the data.</dd><dt>[`Coordinates.accuracy`](%5092 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a`double`representing the accuracy of the`latitude`and`longitude`properties, expressed in meters.</dd><dt>[`Coordinates.altitudeAccuracy`](%5093 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a`double`representing the accuracy of the`altitude`expressed in meters. This value can be`null`.</dd><dt>[`Coordinates.heading`](%5094 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a`double`representing the direction in which the device is traveling. This value, specified in degrees, indicates how far off from heading due north the device is.`0`degrees represents true true north, and the direction is determined clockwise (which means that east is`90`degrees and west is`270`degrees). If`speed`is`0`,`heading`is`[NaN](%5095 "/en-US/docs/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/NaN")`. If the device is unable to provide`heading`information, this value is`null`.</dd><dt>[`Coordinates.speed`](%5096 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a`double`representing the velocity of the device in meters per second. This value can be`null`.</dd></dl>
## 方法<a name="方法"></a>


<em><em>The`Coordinates`interface<em>neither implements, nor inherits any method.</em></em></em>


## 规范<a name="规范"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Geolocation API<br></br><small>Coordinates</small>](%5097 "") | Recommendation | Initial specification. 


## 浏览器兼容性<a name="浏览器兼容性"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 5 | [3.5](%3393 "Released on 2009-06-30.")(1.9.1) | 9 | 10.60<br></br>Removed in 15.0<br></br>Reintroduced in 16.0 | 5 




## 请参见<a name="请参见"></a>

* [Using geolocation](%5098 "/en-US/docs/WebAPI/Using_geolocation")
* The[`Geolocation`](%2727 "Geolocation 接口是一个用来获取设备地理位置的可编程的对象，它可以让Web内容访问到设备的地理位置，这将允许Web应用基于用户的地理位置提供定制的信息。说实话：其实Geolocation 就是用来获取到当前设备的经纬度（位置）")interface that uses it.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Geolocation API](%5099 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[wangxb](%5100 "")
**最后编辑者:**[wangxb](%5100 ""),<time>May 20, 2015, 1:16:06 AM</time>


