---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CustomEvent
---





`CustomEvent`事件是由程序创建的，可以有任意自定义功能的事件。

**Note:**此特性在[Web Worker]5173 "")中可用。

## 构造函数<a name="构造函数"></a>


**[`CustomEvent()`]5174 "The CustomEvent() constructor creates a new CustomEvent.")**创建一个自定义事件。


## 属性<a name="属性"></a>


**[`CustomEvent.detail`]5175 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读**Any data passed when initializing the event.



<em>This interface inherits properties from its parent,</em>[`Event`]2693 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!"):

<dl><dt>[`Event.bubbles`]5176 "The Event property bubbles indicates whether the event bubbles up through the DOM or not.")Read only</dt><dd>A Boolean indicating whether the event bubbles up through the DOM or not.</dd><dt>[`Event.cancelBubble`]5177 "The Event.cancelBubble property is a historical alias to Event.stopPropagation(). Setting its value to true before returning from an event handler prevents propagation of the event. In later implementations, setting this to false does nothing. See Browser compatibility for details.")</dt><dd>A historical alias to[`Event.stopPropagation()`]5178 "Prevents further propagation of the current event in the capturing and bubbling phases."). Setting its value to`true`before returning from an event handler prevents propagation of the event.</dd><dt>[`Event.cancelable`]5179 "Events' cancelable property indicates if the event can be canceled, and therefore prevented as if the event never happened.")Read only</dt><dd>A Boolean indicating whether the event is cancelable.</dd><dt>[`Event.composed`]5180 "The read-only composed property of the Event interface returns a Boolean which indicates whether or not the event will propagate across the shadow DOM boundary into the standard DOM.")Read only</dt><dd>A Boolean value indicating whether or not the event can bubble across the boundary between the shadow DOM and the regular DOM.</dd><dt>[`Event.currentTarget`]5181 "Identifies the current target for the event, as the event traverses the DOM. It always refers to the element to which the event handler has been attached, as opposed to event.target which identifies the element on which the event occurred.")Read only</dt><dd>A reference to the currently registered target for the event. This is the object to which the event is currently slated to be sent; it&#39;s possible this has been changed along the way through<em>retargeting</em>.</dd><dt>[`Event.deepPath`]5182 "The composedPath() method of the Event interface returns the event’s path which is an array of the objects on which listeners will be invoked. This does not include nodes in shadow trees if the shadow root was created with its ShadowRoot.mode closed.")<i></i></dt><dd>An[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects.")of DOM[`Node`]4786 "Node is an interface from which a number of DOM API object types inherit. It allows those types to be treated similarly; for example, inheriting the same set of methods, or being tested in the same way.")s through which the event has bubbled.</dd><dt>[`Event.defaultPrevented`]5183 "Returns a boolean indicating whether or not event.preventDefault() was called on the event.")Read only</dt><dd>Indicates whether or not[`event.preventDefault()`]5184 "The Event interface's preventDefault() method tells the user agent that if the event does not get explicitly handled, its default action should not be taken as it normally would be. The event continues to propagate as usual, unless one of its event listeners calls stopPropagation() or stopImmediatePropagation(), either of which terminates propagation at once.")has been called on the event.</dd><dt>[`Event.eventPhase`]5185 "Indicates which phase of the event flow is currently being evaluated.")Read only</dt><dd>Indicates which phase of the event flow is being processed.</dd><dt>[`Event.explicitOriginalTarget`]5186 "The explicit original target of the event. (Mozilla-specific)")<i></i>Read only</dt><dd>The explicit original target of the event (Mozilla-specific).</dd><dt>[`Event.originalTarget`]5187 "The original target of the event before any retargetings. (Mozilla-specific)")<i></i>Read only</dt><dd>The original target of the event, before any retargetings (Mozilla-specific).</dd><dt>[`Event.returnValue`]5188 "The Event.returnValue property indicates if the default action for this event has been prevented or not.")<i></i></dt><dd>A non-standard alternative (from old versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer) to[`Event.preventDefault()`]5184 "The Event interface's preventDefault() method tells the user agent that if the event does not get explicitly handled, its default action should not be taken as it normally would be. The event continues to propagate as usual, unless one of its event listeners calls stopPropagation() or stopImmediatePropagation(), either of which terminates propagation at once.")and[`Event.defaultPrevented`]5183 "Returns a boolean indicating whether or not event.preventDefault() was called on the event.").</dd><dt>[`Event.srcElement`]5189 "Event.srcElement is a proprietary alias (implemented in Internet Explorer) for the standard Event.target property, which is supported in some other browsers for web compatibility purposes.")<i></i></dt><dd>A non-standard alias (from old versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer) for[`Event.target`]5190 "A reference to the object that dispatched the event. It is different from event.currentTarget when the event handler is called during the bubbling or capturing phase of the event."), which is starting to be supported in some other browsers for web compatibility purposes.</dd><dt>[`Event.target`]5190 "A reference to the object that dispatched the event. It is different from event.currentTarget when the event handler is called during the bubbling or capturing phase of the event.")Read only</dt><dd>A reference to the target to which the event was originally dispatched.</dd><dt>[`Event.timeStamp`]5191 "Returns the time (in milliseconds) at which the event was created.")Read only</dt><dd>The time at which the event was created (in milliseconds). By specification, this value is time since epoch, but in reality browsers&#39; definitions vary; in addition, work is underway to change this to be a[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")instead.</dd><dt>[`Event.type`]5192 "The Event.type read-only property returns a string containing the event's type. It is set when the event is constructed and is the name commonly used to refer to the specific event, such as click, load, or error")Read only</dt><dd>The name of the event (case-insensitive).</dd><dt>[`Event.isTrusted`]5193 "The isTrusted read-only property of the Event interface is a boolean that is true when the event was generated by a user action, and false when the event was created or modified by a script or dispatched via dispatchEvent.")Read only</dt><dd>Indicates whether or not the event was initiated by the browser (after a user click for instance) or by a script (using an event creation method, like[event.initEvent]5194 "")).</dd></dl>
### Obsolete properties<a name="Obsolete_properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`Event.scoped`]5195 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>A[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")indicating whether the given event will bubble across through the shadow root into the standard DOM. This property has been renamed to[`composed`]5180 "The read-only composed property of the Event interface returns a Boolean which indicates whether or not the event will propagate across the shadow DOM boundary into the standard DOM.").</dd></dl>
## 方法<a name="方法"></a>

## 方法概述<a name="Method_overview"></a>
`void[initCustomEvent](%2632#initCustomEvent() "")(in DOMString type, in boolean canBubble, in boolean cancelable, in any detail);` 


## 属性<a name="Attributes"></a>
Attribute | Type | Description 
`detail` | `any` | 当事件初始化时传递的数据 


## 方法<a name="Methods"></a>

### initCustomEvent()<a name="initCustomEvent()"></a>


初始化一个自定义事件的方式和初始化一个标准DOM事件的方式非常相似.


```
void initCustomEvent(
  in DOMString type,
  in boolean canBubble,
  in boolean cancelable,
  in any detail
);
```

#### 参数<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt>`type`</dt><dd>事件的类型名称.</dd><dt>`canBubble`</dt><dd>一个布尔值,表明该事件是否会冒泡.</dd><dt>`cancelable`</dt><dd>一个布尔值,表明该事件是否可以被取消.</dd><dt>`detail`</dt><dd>当事件初始化时传递的数据.</dd></dl>
## 构造函数<a name="构造函数_2"></a>


[DOM4 规范]5198 "")添加了对`CustomEvent`构造函数的支持.


```
CustomEvent(
  DOMString type,
  optional CustomEventInit eventInitDict
)
```

### 参数<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt>`type`</dt><dd>事件的类型名称.</dd><dt>`eventInitDict`</dt><dd>一个对象,提供了事件的配置信息.查看[CustomEventInit](%2632#CustomEventInit "")了解更多详情.</dd></dl>
#### CustomEventInit<a name="CustomEventInit"></a>
<dl><dt>`bubbles`</dt><dd>一个布尔值,表明该事件是否会冒泡.</dd><dt>`cancelable`</dt><dd>一个布尔值,表明该事件是否可以被取消.</dd><dt>`detail`</dt><dd>当事件初始化时传递的数据.</dd></dl>
### CustomEvent用法示例<a name="CustomEvent_example_usage"></a>

```
// 添加一个适当的事件监听器
obj.addEventListener("cat", function(e) { process(e.detail) })

// 创建并分发事件
var event = new CustomEvent("cat", {"detail":{"hazcheeseburger":true}})
obj.dispatchEvent(event)
```

## 浏览器兼容性<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | (Yes) | 6 | 9 | ? | (Yes)(533.3) 
`CustomEvent()`constructor | 15 | 11 | ? | 11.60 | <em>Nightly build</em>(535.2) 




### Gecko备注<a name="Gecko备注"></a>


该事件由`[nsIDOMCustomEvent]5200 "")`接口定义,此接口继承于`[nsIDOMEvent]5201 "")`接口.


## 规范<a name="Specification"></a>

* [DOM4 : Interface CustomEvent]5202 "")ED
* [DOM Level 3 Events : CustomEvent]5203 "")WD



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[rambo-panda]5204 ""),[lilopusic]5205 ""),[carllx]5206 ""),[zhongming2013]5207 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[ziyunfei]61 "")
**最后编辑者:**[rambo-panda]5204 ""),<time>Nov 10, 2017, 12:08:07 AM</time>


