---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DOMMatrixReadOnly
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]6020 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]6022 "")版。</bdi>






The`**DOMMatrixReadOnly**`interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations. If this interface defines only read-only matrices, the[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")interface which inherits from it, add all the properties and the methods to allow to have modifiable matrices.



A 4x4 matrix is suitable to describe any rotation and translation in 3D.



This interface should be available inside Web workers, though some implementations doesn&#39;t allow it yet.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t inherit any other property.</em>

<dl><dt>`m11`,`m12`,`m13`,`m14`,`m21`,`m22`,`m23`,`m24`,`m31`,`m32`,`m33`,`m34`,`m41`,`m42`,`m43`,`m44`Read only</dt><dd>Are`double`representing each component of a 4x4 matrix. They are read-only, but their counterpart, with the same name, in[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")aren&#39;t.</dd><dt>`a`,`b`,`c`,`d`,`e`,`f`Read only</dt><dd>Are`double`representing each component of a 4x4 matrix needed for 2D rotations and translations. They are aliases for some components of the 4x4 matrix:2D | 3D equivalent 
 ---  |  ---  | 
`a` | `m11` 
`b` | `m12` 
`c` | `m21` 
`d` | `m22` 
`e` | `m41` 
`f` | `m42` 

They are read-only, but their counterpart, with the same name, in[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")aren&#39;t.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.is2D`]6036 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")indicating if the matrix contains a 2D matrix and only accept 2D transformations.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.isIdentity`]6039 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")indincating if the matrix identity, that is a matrix with`1`on the components of its diagonal, and`0`elsewhere.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t inherit any method.</em>

<dl><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.flipX()`]6041 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being flipped around the x-axis, that is multiplied by the`DOMMatrix(-1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 0)`. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.flipY()`]6042 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being flipped around the y-axis, that is multiplied by the`DOMMatrix(1, 0, 0, -1, 0, 0)`. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.inverse()`]6043 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being inverted. The original matrix is not modified. If the matrix cannot be inverted, all its components are set to`NaN`and`is2D()`returns`false`.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.multiply()`]6044 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being multiplied by the given[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations."). The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.rotateAxisAngle()`]6045 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being rotated by the given angle and the given vector. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.rotate()`]6046 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being rotated by the given angle, with the rotation centered on the origin given. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.rotateFromVector()`]6047 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being rotated by the angle between the given vector and (1,0), centered on the origin given. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.scale()`]6049 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the matrix x and y dimensions being scaled by the given factor, centered on the origin given. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.scale3d()`]6050 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the matrix x, y and z dimension being scaled by the given factor, centered on the origin given. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.scaleNonUniform()`]6051 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the matrix x, y and z dimension being scaled by the given factor for each dimension, centered on the origin given. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.skewX()`]6052 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being skewed along the x-axis by the given factor. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.skewY()`]6053 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the original matrix being skewed along the y-axis by the given factor. The original matrix is not modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.toFloat32Array()`]6054 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Float32Array`]6055 "The Float32Array typed array represents an array of 32-bit floating point numbers (corresponding to the C float data type) in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).")containing the 6 components (`a`,`b`,`c`,`d`,`e`,`f`) in the case of a 2D matrix or the 16 components (`m11`,`m12`,`m13`,`m14`,`m21`,`m22`,`m23`,`m24`,`m31`,`m32`,`m33`,`m34`,`m41`,`m42`,`m43`,`m44`) for a 3D matrix.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.toFloat64Array()`]6059 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Float64Array`]6060 "The Float64Array typed array represents an array of 64-bit floating point numbers (corresponding to the C double data type) in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).")containing the 6 components (`a`,`b`,`c`,`d`,`e`,`f`) in the case of a 2D matrix or the 16 components (`m11`,`m12`,`m13`,`m14`,`m21`,`m22`,`m23`,`m24`,`m31`,`m32`,`m33`,`m34`,`m41`,`m42`,`m43`,`m44`) for a 3D matrix.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.toJSON()`]6066 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a JSON representation of the`DOMMatrixReadOnly`object.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.toString()`]6068 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the 6 components separated by a`','`and prefixed by the CSS matrix functional notation, as`'matrix (a, b, c, d, e, f)',`in the case of a 2D matrix or matrix3d functional notation and the 16 components,`'matrix3d(m11, m12, m13, m14, m21, m22, m23, m24, m31, m32, m33, m34, m41, m42, m43, m44)'`, for a 3D matrix.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.transformPoint()`]6070 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMPoint`]6072 "A DOMPoint represents a 2D or 3D point in a coordinate system.")that is the point given in parameter multiplied by the matrix. But the original point and the matrix aren&#39;t modified.</dd><dt>[`DOMMatrixReadOnly.translate()`]6073 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")containing a new matrix being the result of the matrix being translated by the given vector. The original matrix is not modified.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Geometry Interfaces Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;DOMMatrixReadOnly&#39; in that specification.</small>]6075 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
Support in[web workers]6085 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m11`]6091 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m12`]6097 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m13`]6104 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m14`]6105 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m21`]6109 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m22`]6115 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m23`]6119 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m24`]6124 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m31`]6129 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m32`]6135 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m33`]6141 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m34`]6146 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m41`]6148 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m42`]6151 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m43`]6156 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`m44`]6157 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`a`]6161 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`b`]6165 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`c`]6170 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`d`]6176 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`e`]6181 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`f`]6188 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`is2D`]6195 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`isIdentity`]6202 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`flipX`]6208 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`flipY`]6214 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`inverse`]6219 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`multiply`]6229 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`rotate`]6245 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`rotateAxisAngle`]6255 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`rotateFromVector`]6262 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`scale`]6268 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`scale3d`]6271 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`scaleNonUniform`]6275 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`skewX`]6282 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`skewY`]6288 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`toFloat32Array`]6292 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`toFloat64Array`]6297 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`toJSON`]6302 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`toString`]6306 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`transform`]6311 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`transformPoint`]6316 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* It&#39;s modifiable descendant,[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")
* [`SVGMatrix`]6318 "Many of SVG's graphics operations utilize 2x3 matrices of the form:"), the SVG matrix intended to be superseded by[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")
* The CSS[`matrix()`]6319 "")and[`matrix3d()`]6320 "")functional notation that can be generated from this interface to be used in a CSS[`transform`]6321 "The transform CSS property lets you rotate, scale, skew, or translate a given element. This is achieved by modifying the coordinate space of the CSS visual formatting model.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [Geometry Interfaces]6323 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Web]119 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[connorshea]5516 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[darrnshn]6326 ""),[zbjornson]6327 ""),[zsk526]6328 ""),[blooddy]6329 ""),[jwhitlock]6330 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[connorshea]5516 ""),<time>Jun 22, 2018, 11:50:02 AM</time>


