---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DOMPoint
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]6384 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]6072 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2646#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




A**`DOMPoint`**represents a 2D or 3D point in a coordinate system.



In general, a positive x component represents a position right of the origin, a positive y component upwards from the origin, and a positive z component outwards from the screen (in other words, opposite the direction that the user is facing).



It inherits from its parent,[`DOMPointReadOnly`]6386 "The DOMPointReadOnly interface specifies the standard properties used by DOMPoint to define a 2D or 3D point in a coordinate system.").


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`DOMPoint()`]6387 "The DOMPoint() constructor creates a new DOMPoint object.")</dt><dd>Creates a new`DOMPoint`object.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>`DOMPoint`inherits methods from its parent,[`DOMPointReadOnly`]6386 "The DOMPointReadOnly interface specifies the standard properties used by DOMPoint to define a 2D or 3D point in a coordinate system.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`DOMPointReadOnly.fromPoint`]6389 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Translates the position/perspective of a`DOMPoint`to a new position (doesn&#39;t appear to be supported anywhere yet.)</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>`DOMPoint`inherits properties from its parent,[`DOMPointReadOnly`]6386 "The DOMPointReadOnly interface specifies the standard properties used by DOMPoint to define a 2D or 3D point in a coordinate system.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`DOMPointReadOnly.x`]6391 "The x read-only property of the DOMPointReadOnly interface represents the x coordinate of a point.")</dt><dd>The x coordinate of the`DOMPoint`.</dd><dt>[`DOMPointReadOnly.y`]6392 "The y read-only property of the DOMPointReadOnly interface represents the y coordinate of a point.")</dt><dd>The y coordinate of the`DOMPoint`.</dd><dt>[`DOMPointReadOnly.z`]6394 "The z read-only property of the DOMPointReadOnly interface represents the z coordinate of a point.")</dt><dd>The z coordinate of the`DOMPoint`.</dd><dt>[`DOMPointReadOnly.w`]6395 "The w read-only property of the DOMPointReadOnly interface represents the perspective of a point.")</dt><dd>The perspective value of the`DOMPoint`.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Specification"></a>


In the[WebVR API]6396 ""),`DOMPoint`values are used to represent points in the coordinate space that the user&#39;s head mounted display exists in. In the following snippet, the position of the VR HMD can be retrieved by first grabbing a reference to the position sensor&#39;s current state using[`PositionSensorVRDevice.getState`]6397 "The getState() method of the PositionSensorVRDevice interface returns the current state of the position sensor for the current frame (e.g. within the current window.requestAnimationFrame callback) or for the previous frame, contained with a VRPositionState object. This is the method you'd normally want to use, vs. PositionSensorVRDevice.getImmediateState."), then accessing the resulting[`VRPositionState`]6398 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")&#39;s[`position`]6399 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property, which returns a`DOMPoint`. Note below the usage of`position.x`,`position.y`, and`position.z`.


```
function setView() {
      var posState = gPositionSensor.getState();
      if(posState.hasPosition) {
        posPara.textContent = 'Position: x' + roundToTwo(posState.position.x) + " y"
                                    + roundToTwo(posState.position.y) + " z"
                                    + roundToTwo(posState.position.z);
        xPos = -posState.position.x * WIDTH * 2;
        yPos = posState.position.y * HEIGHT * 2;
        if(-posState.position.z > 0.01) {
          zPos = -posState.position.z;
        } else {
          zPos = 0.01;
        }
      }

  ...

}
```


**Note**: See our[positionsensorvrdevice demo]6400 "")for the full code.



## Specifications<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Geometry Interfaces Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;DOMPoint&#39; in that specification.</small>]6401 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Latest spec version is an ED. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`DOMPoint()`constructor]6411 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`DOMRect`]6420 "A DOMRect represents a rectangle.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Coordinate]6423 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [DOM Reference]6350 "")
* [DOMPoint]6424 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [Geometry]6426 "")
* [Point]6427 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[zbjornson]6327 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[Calmbit]6430 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 29, 2018, 3:17:41 AM</time>


