---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DOMUserData
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]6732 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]5248 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.




`DOMUserData`refers to application data. In JavaScript, it maps directly to`[Object]6737 "en/Core_JavaScript_1.5_Reference/Global_Objects/Object")`. It is returned or used as an argument by`[Node.setUserData]6738 "En/DOM/Node.setUserData")()`,`[Node.getUserData]6740 "En/DOM/Node.getUserData")()`, used as the third argument to`handle()`on[`UserDataHandler`]6741 "En/DOM/UserDataHandler"), and is used or returned by various[`DOMConfiguration`]6743 "En/DOM/DOMConfiguration")methods.



Note that although it can be an object, in Mozilla, it may be returned as a string or other type, if it was set as such a type (e.g.,`[Node.setUserData]6738 "En/DOM/Node.setUserData")()`and`[Node.getUserData]6740 "En/DOM/Node.getUserData")()`).



`DOMUserData`is not persisted nor serialized and will not be present after the application has restarted or after a crash. If you are interested in persisting data you might rather need to use`[nsISessionStore]6746 "")`.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;DOMUserData&#39; in that specification.</small>]6750 "") | Obsolete | Initial specification 


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Other obsolete APIs for userData:[`UserDataHandler`]6741 "En/DOM/UserDataHandler"),[`node.getUserData`]6740 "En/DOM/Node.getUserData"),[`node.setUserData`]6738 "En/DOM/Node.setUserData")
* [Using data attributes]6753 "")is the modern alternative (see`[data-*]6755 "")`attributes,[`HTMLElement.dataset`]6756 "The HTMLElement.dataset property allows access, both in reading and writing mode, to all the custom data attributes (data-*) set on the element, either in HTML or in the DOM.  It is a map of DOMString, one entry for each custom data attribute.  Note that the dataset property itself can be read, but not directly written.  Instead, all writes must be to its "properties", which in turn represent the data attributes.   Note also that an HTML data-attribute and its corresponding DOM dataset.property do not share the same name, but they are always similar:"))
* `[nsISessionStore]6746 "")`



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsCompatTable]6759 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Nickolay]6761 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[MHasan]6763 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[madarche]6765 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[Brettz9]5522 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Nickolay]6761 ""),<time>Jan 24, 2016, 5:52:41 AM</time>


