---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DocumentTimeline
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]9627 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]9628 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2673#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`DocumentTimeline`**interface of the the[Web Animations API]3476 "")represents animation timelines, including the default document timeline (accessed via[`Document.timeline`]9630 "The timeline readonly property of the Document interface represents the default timeline of the current document. This timeline is a special instance of DocumentTimeline that is automatically created on page load.")).


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`DocumentTimeline()`]9631 "The DocumentTimeline() constructor of the Web Animations API creates a new instance of the DocumentTimeline object associated with the active document of the current browsing context.")</dt><dd>Creates a new`DocumentTimeline`object associated with the active document of the current browsing context.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface inherits its property from its parent,[`AnimationTimeline`]9632 "The AnimationTimeline interface of the Web Animations API represents the timeline of an animation. This interface exists to define timeline features (inherited by DocumentTimeline and future timeline types) and is not itself directly used by developers. Anywhere you see AnimationTimeline, you should use DocumentTimeline or any other timeline type instead.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`AnimationTimeline.currentTime`]9633 "The currentTime read-only property of the Web Animations API's AnimationTimeline interface returns the timeline's current time in milliseconds, or null if the timeline is inactive.")</dt><dd>Returns the time value in milliseconds for this timeline or`null`if it is inactive.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


We could share a single`documentTimeline`among multiple animations, thus allowing us to manipulate just that group of animations via their shared timeline. This bit of code would start all the cats animating 500 milliseconds into their animations:


```
const cats = document.querySelectorAll('.sharedTimelineCat');
const sharedTimeline = new DocumentTimeline({ originTime: 500 });

for (const cat of cats) {
  const catKeyframes = new KeyframeEffect(cat, keyframes, timing);
  const catAnimation = new Animation(catKeyframes, sharedTimeline);
  catAnimation.play(); 
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;DocumentTimeline&#39; in that specification.</small>]9634 "") | Working Draft | Editor&#39;s draft. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`DocumentTimeline`constructor]9650 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* [`AnimationTimeline`]9632 "The AnimationTimeline interface of the Web Animations API represents the timeline of an animation. This interface exists to define timeline features (inherited by DocumentTimeline and future timeline types) and is not itself directly used by developers. Anywhere you see AnimationTimeline, you should use DocumentTimeline or any other timeline type instead.")
* [`AnimationTimeline.currentTime`]9633 "The currentTime read-only property of the Web Animations API's AnimationTimeline interface returns the timeline's current time in milliseconds, or null if the timeline is inactive.")
* [`Document.timeline`]9630 "The timeline readonly property of the Document interface represents the default timeline of the current document. This timeline is a special instance of DocumentTimeline that is automatically created on page load.")
* [`DocumentTimeline.DocumentTimeline()`]9631 "The DocumentTimeline() constructor of the Web Animations API creates a new instance of the DocumentTimeline object associated with the active document of the current browsing context.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [AnimationTimeline]9661 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [DocumentTimeline]9662 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [waapi]3554 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ngyikp]3492 ""),[LuisCaceres]9665 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[tocretpa]9666 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[birtles]3555 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ngyikp]3492 ""),<time>May 21, 2018, 10:32:06 PM</time>


