---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DoubleRange
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]9742 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]5066 "")版。</bdi>






The**`DoubleRange`**dictionary is used to define a range of permitted double-precision floating-point values for a property, with either or both a maximum and minimum value specified. The[`ConstrainDouble`]5065 "The ConstrainDouble type is used to specify a constraint for a property whose value is a double-precision floating-point number. It extends the DoubleRange dictionary (which provides the ability to specify a permitted range of property values) to also support an exact value and/or an ideal value the property should take on. Additionally, you can specify the property's value as a simple floating-point value, in which case the user agent does its best to match the value once all other more stringent constraints are met.")dictionary is based on this, augmenting it to support exact and ideal values as well.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>`max`</dt><dd>A floating-point value specifying the largest permissible value of the property it describes.</dd><dt>`min`</dt><dd>A floating-point value specifying the smallest permissible value of the property it describes.</dd></dl>

The specified`min`and/or and`max`values are<em>required</em>. If no match can be found that is within the given range, an error will occur.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Media Capture and Streams<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;DoubleRange&#39; in that specification.</small>]9747 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Media Capture and Streams API]5049 "")
* [Capabilities, constraints, and settings]5050 "")
* [`ConstrainDoubleRange`]9762 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`MediaTrackConstraints`]5051 "The MediaTrackConstraints dictionary is used to describe a set of capabilities and the value or values each can take on. A constraints dictionary is passed into applyConstraints() to allow a script to establish a set of exact (required) values or ranges and/or preferred values or ranges of values for the track, and the most recently-requested set of custom constraints can be retrieved by calling getConstraints().")
* [`MediaTrackCapabilities`]5052 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`MediaTrackSupportedConstraints`]5053 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary establishes the list of constrainable properties recognized by the user agent or browser in its implementation of the MediaStreamTrack object. An object conforming to MediaTrackSupportedConstraints is returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints().")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Constraints]5055 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [DoubleRange]9764 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Media Capture and Streams API]5056 "")
* [Media Streams API]5057 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 1, 2018, 2:39:37 AM</time>


