---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/EXT_blend_minmax
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]9899 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]9900 "")版。</bdi>






The`**EXT_blend_minmax**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and extends blending capabilities by adding two new blend equations: the minimum or maximum color components of the source and destination colors.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is only available to[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")contexts. In[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), the functionality of this extension is available on the WebGL2 context by default. The constants in WebGL2 are`gl.MIN`and`gl.MAX`.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


This extension adds two new constants, which can be used in[`WebGLRenderingContext.blendEquation()`]9907 "The WebGLRenderingContext.blendEquation() method of the WebGL API is used to set both the RGB blend equation and alpha blend equation to a single equation.")and[`WebGLRenderingContext.blendEquationSeparate()`]9908 "The WebGLRenderingContext.blendEquationSeparate() method of the WebGL API is used to set the RGB blend equation and alpha blend equation separately."):

<dl><dt>`ext.MIN_EXT`</dt><dd>Produces the minimum color components of the source and destination colors.</dd><dt>`ext.MAX_EXT`</dt><dd>Produces the maximum color components of the source and destination colors.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('EXT_blend_minmax');

gl.blendEquation(ext.MIN_EXT);
gl.blendEquation(ext.MAX_EXT);

gl.blendEquationSeparate(ext.MIN_EXT, ext.MAX_EXT);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[EXT_blend_minmax<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;EXT_blend_minmax&#39; in that specification.</small>]9909 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.blendEquation()`]9907 "The WebGLRenderingContext.blendEquation() method of the WebGL API is used to set both the RGB blend equation and alpha blend equation to a single equation.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.blendEquationSeparate()`]9908 "The WebGLRenderingContext.blendEquationSeparate() method of the WebGL API is used to set the RGB blend equation and alpha blend equation separately.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 7, 2017, 12:25:04 PM</time>


