---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/EXT_color_buffer_float
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]9918 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]9919 "")版。</bdi>






The`**EXT_color_buffer_float**`extension is part of[WebGL]9901 "")and adds the ability to render a variety of floating point formats.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is available to[WebGL 2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")contexts only.



For[WebGL 1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user."), see the[`EXT_color_buffer_half_float`]9921 "The EXT_color_buffer_half_float extension is part of the WebGL API and adds the ability to render to 16-bit floating-point color buffers.")and[`WEBGL_color_buffer_float`]9923 "The WEBGL_color_buffer_float extension is part of the WebGL API and adds the ability to render to 32-bit floating-point color buffers.")extensions.



## Extended methods<a name="Extended_methods"></a>


The following sized formats become**color-renderable**:


* `gl.R16F`,
* `gl.RG16F`,
* `gl.RGBA16F`,
* `gl.R32F`,
* `gl.RG32F`,
* `gl.RGBA32F`,
* `gl.R11F_G11F_B10F`.


**Color-renderable**means:


* The[`WebGLRenderingContext.renderbufferStorage()`]9924 "The WebGLRenderingContext.renderbufferStorage() method of the WebGL API creates and initializes a renderbuffer object's data store.")method now accepts these formats.
* Framebuffers with attached textures of these formats may now be**FRAMEBUFFER_COMPLETE**.

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


`gl`must be a[`WebGL2RenderingContext`]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."). This extension does not work in WebGL 1 contexts.


```
var ext = gl.getExtension('EXT_color_buffer_float');

gl.renderbufferStorage(gl.RENDERBUFFER, gl.RGBA16F, 256, 256);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[EXT_color_buffer_float<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;EXT_color_buffer_float&#39; in that specification.</small>]9926 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition for WebGL. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.renderbufferStorage()`]9924 "The WebGLRenderingContext.renderbufferStorage() method of the WebGL API creates and initializes a renderbuffer object's data store.")
* [`EXT_color_buffer_half_float`]9921 "The EXT_color_buffer_half_float extension is part of the WebGL API and adds the ability to render to 16-bit floating-point color buffers.")
* [`WEBGL_color_buffer_float`]9923 "The WEBGL_color_buffer_float extension is part of the WebGL API and adds the ability to render to 32-bit floating-point color buffers.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")
* [WebGL2]9930 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[gosticks]9932 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[jgilbert]9933 "")
**最后编辑者:**[gosticks]9932 ""),<time>Jul 2, 2018, 5:16:43 AM</time>


