---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/EXT_disjoint_timer_query
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]9962 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]9963 "")版。</bdi>






The**EXT_disjoint_timer_query**extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and provides a way to measure the duration of a set of GL commands, without stalling the rendering pipeline.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension should be available in[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")contexts only.[`EXT_disjoint_timer_query_webgl2`]9965 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")is available in[WebGL 2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")contexts .



In WebGL 2, the[`getQueryObject`]9966 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")was renamed to[`getQueryParameter`]9967 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").<br></br>In WebGL 2, other queries (such as occlusion queries and primitive queries) are possible using[`WebGLQuery`]9968 "The WebGLQuery interface is part of the WebGL 2 API and provides ways to asynchronously query for information. By default, occlusion queries and primitive queries are available.")objects.



## Types<a name="Types"></a>


This extension exposes a new type:

<dl><dt>GLuint64EXT</dt><dd>Unsigned 64-bit integer number.</dd></dl>
## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


This extension exposes seven new constants.

<dl><dt>`ext.QUERY_COUNTER_BITS_EXT`</dt><dd>A[`GLint`]9969 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")indicating the number of bits used to hold the query result for the given target.</dd><dt>`ext.CURRENT_QUERY_EXT`</dt><dd>A[`WebGLQuery`]9968 "The WebGLQuery interface is part of the WebGL 2 API and provides ways to asynchronously query for information. By default, occlusion queries and primitive queries are available.")object, which is the currently active query for the given target.</dd><dt>`ext.QUERY_RESULT_EXT`</dt><dd>A[`GLuint64EXT`]9971 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")containing the query result.</dd><dt>`ext.QUERY_RESULT_AVAILABLE_EXT`</dt><dd>A[`GLboolean`]9973 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")indicating whether or not a query result is available.</dd><dt>`ext.TIME_ELAPSED_EXT`</dt><dd>Elapsed time (in nanoseconds).</dd><dt>`ext.TIMESTAMP_EXT`</dt><dd>The current time.</dd><dt>`ext.GPU_DISJOINT_EXT`</dt><dd>A[`GLboolean`]9973 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")indicating whether or not the GPU performed any disjoint operation.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


This extension exposes eight new methods.

<dl><dt>[`ext.createQueryEXT()`]9976 "The EXT_disjoint_timer_query.createQueryEXT() method of the WebGL API creates and initializes WebGLQuery objects, which track the time needed to fully complete a set of GL commands.")</dt><dd>

Creates a new[`WebGLQuery`]9968 "The WebGLQuery interface is part of the WebGL 2 API and provides ways to asynchronously query for information. By default, occlusion queries and primitive queries are available.").

</dd><dt>[`ext.deleteQueryEXT()`]9978 "The EXT_disjoint_timer_query.deleteQueryEXT() method of the WebGL API deletes a given WebGLQuery object.")</dt><dd>

Deletes a given[`WebGLQuery`]9968 "The WebGLQuery interface is part of the WebGL 2 API and provides ways to asynchronously query for information. By default, occlusion queries and primitive queries are available.").

</dd><dt>[`ext.isQueryEXT()`]9979 "The EXT_disjoint_timer_query.isQueryEXT() method of the WebGL API returns true if the passed object is a WebGLQuery object.")</dt><dd>

Returns`true`if a given object is a[`WebGLQuery`]9968 "The WebGLQuery interface is part of the WebGL 2 API and provides ways to asynchronously query for information. By default, occlusion queries and primitive queries are available.").

</dd><dt>[`ext.beginQueryEXT()`]9980 "The EXT_disjoint_timer_query.beginQueryEXT() method of the WebGL API starts a timer query.")</dt><dd>The timer starts when all commands prior to`beginQueryEXT`have been fully executed.</dd><dt>[`ext.endQueryEXT()`]9981 "The EXT_disjoint_timer_query.endQueryEXT() method of the WebGL API ends a timer query.")</dt><dd>The timer stops when all commands prior to`endQueryEXT`have been fully executed.</dd><dt>[`ext.queryCounterEXT()`]9983 "The EXT_disjoint_timer_query.queryCounterEXT() method of the WebGL API records the current time into the corresponding query object.")</dt><dd>

Records the current time into the corresponding query object.

</dd><dt>[`ext.getQueryEXT()`]9984 "The EXT_disjoint_timer_query.getQueryEXT() method of the WebGL API returns information about a query target.")</dt><dd>Returns information about a query target.</dd><dt>[`ext.getQueryObjectEXT()`]9986 "The EXT_disjoint_timer_query.getQueryObjectEXT() method of the WebGL API returns the state of a query object.")</dt><dd>Return the state of a query object.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('EXT_disjoint_timer_query');
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[EXT_disjoint_timer_query<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;EXT_disjoint_timer_query&#39; in that specification.</small>]9989 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`createQueryEXT`]9998 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`deleteQueryEXT`]10000 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`isQueryEXT`]10001 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`beginQueryEXT`]10002 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`endQueryEXT`]10003 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`queryCounterEXT`]10006 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`getQueryEXT`]10012 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
[`getQueryObjectEXT`]10022 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[jaen]10032 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Wandalen]10033 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[jaen]10032 ""),<time>May 28, 2018, 8:33:25 PM</time>


