---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/EXT_sRGB
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]10055 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]10056 "")版。</bdi>






The`**EXT_sRGB**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and adds sRGB support to textures and framebuffer objects.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is only available to[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")contexts. In[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), the functionality of this extension is available on the WebGL2 context by default. The constants in WebGL2 are:`gl.SRGB`,`gl.SRGB8`,`gl.SRGB8_ALPHA8`and`gl.FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_COLOR_ENCODING`.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


This extension exposes the following constants, which can be used in the[`texImage2D()`]10058 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional texture image."),[`texSubImage2D()`]10059 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a sub-rectangle of the current texture."),[`renderbufferStorage()`]9924 "The WebGLRenderingContext.renderbufferStorage() method of the WebGL API creates and initializes a renderbuffer object's data store.")and[`getFramebufferAttachmentParameter()`]10061 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getFramebufferAttachmentParameter() method of the WebGL API returns information about a framebuffer's attachment.")methods.

<dl><dt>`ext.SRGB_EXT`</dt><dd>Unsized sRGB format that leaves the precision up to the driver.</dd><dt>`ext.SRGB_ALPHA_EXT`</dt><dd>Unsized sRGB format with unsized alpha component.</dd><dt>`ext.SRGB8_ALPHA8_EXT`</dt><dd>Sized (8-bit) sRGB and alpha formats.</dd><dt>`ext.FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_COLOR_ENCODING_EXT`</dt><dd>Returns the framebuffer color encoding (`gl.LINEAR`or`ext.SRGB_EXT`).</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('EXT_sRGB');

var texture = gl.createTexture();
gl.bindTexture(gl.TEXTURE_2D, texture);

gl.texImage2D(gl.TEXTURE_2D, 0, ext.SRGB_EXT, 512, 512, 0, 
              ext.SRGB_EXT, gl.UNSIGNED_BYTE, image);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[EXT_sRGB<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;EXT_sRGB&#39; in that specification.</small>]10066 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>28 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D()`]10058 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional texture image.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D()`]10059 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a sub-rectangle of the current texture.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.renderbufferStorage()`]9924 "The WebGLRenderingContext.renderbufferStorage() method of the WebGL API creates and initializes a renderbuffer object's data store.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getFramebufferAttachmentParameter()`]10061 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getFramebufferAttachmentParameter() method of the WebGL API returns information about a framebuffer's attachment.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[SphinxKnight]191 ""),[Markyparky56]10088 ""),[dakom]10090 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[SphinxKnight]191 ""),<time>May 17, 2018, 10:51:43 PM</time>


