---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]10121 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]10122 "")版。</bdi>






The`**EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and exposes two constants for[anisotropic filtering (AF)]10123 "").



AF improves the quality of mipmapped texture access when viewing a textured primitive at an oblique angle. Using just mipmapping, these lookups have a tendency to average to grey.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is available to both,[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")and[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")contexts.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
<dl><dt>`ext.MAX_TEXTURE_MAX_ANISOTROPY_EXT`</dt><dd>This is the`pname`argument to the[`gl.getParameter()`]10125 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter() method of the WebGL API returns a value for the passed parameter name.")call, and it returns the maximum available anisotropy.</dd><dt>`ext.TEXTURE_MAX_ANISOTROPY_EXT`</dt><dd>This is the`pname`argument to the[`gl.getTexParameter()`]10127 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getTexParameter() method of the WebGL API returns information about the given texture.")and[`gl.texParameterf()`]10128 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texParameter[fi]() methods of the WebGL API set texture parameters.")/[`gl.texParameteri()`]10129 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texParameter[fi]() methods of the WebGL API set texture parameters.")calls and sets the desired maximum anisotropy for a texture.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var texture = gl.createTexture();
gl.bindTexture(gl.TEXTURE_2D, texture);
var ext = (
  gl.getExtension('EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic') ||
  gl.getExtension('MOZ_EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic') ||
  gl.getExtension('WEBKIT_EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic')
);
if (ext){
  var max = gl.getParameter(ext.MAX_TEXTURE_MAX_ANISOTROPY_EXT);
  gl.texParameterf(gl.TEXTURE_2D, ext.TEXTURE_MAX_ANISOTROPY_EXT, max);
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic&#39; in that specification.</small>]10134 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 8, 2017, 2:31:19 AM</time>


