---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ElementTraversal
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]10364 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]10365 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.





The**`ElementTraversal`**interface was defining methods allowing to access from one[`Node`]4786 "Node is an interface from which a number of DOM API object types inherit; it allows these various types to be treated similarly, for example inheriting the same set of methods, or being tested in the same way.")to another one in the document tree.



It proves useless as very few type of[`Node`]4786 "Node is an interface from which a number of DOM API object types inherit; it allows these various types to be treated similarly, for example inheriting the same set of methods, or being tested in the same way.")were able to implement all its methods and properties. It has been split into two interfaces,[`ChildNode`]10368 "The ChildNode interface contains methods that are particular to Node objects that can have a parent.")and[`ParentNode`]10369 "The ParentNode mixin contains methods and properties that are common to all types of Node objects that can have children.")containing the useful methods and properties for each kind of nodes.



As it was a pure interface, with no object of this type, this change has no effect on the Web.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[DOM<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ChildNode&#39; in that specification.</small>]4837 "") | Living Standard | Splitted the`ElementTraversal`interface in[`ParentNode`]10369 "The ParentNode mixin contains methods and properties that are common to all types of Node objects that can have children.")and[`ChildNode`]10368 "The ChildNode interface contains methods that are particular to Node objects that can have a parent.") 
[Element Traversal Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ElementTraversal&#39; in that specification.</small>]4838 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [DOM Reference]6350 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sebastianz]4468 ""),<time>Jul 23, 2015, 12:13:53 AM</time>


