---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/EntityReference
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]10399 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]10400 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.




NOTE: This is not implemented in Mozilla




Read-only reference to an entity reference in the DOM tree. Has no properties or methods of its own but inherits from[`Node`]4786 "Node is an interface from which a number of DOM API object types inherit; it allows these various types to be treated similarly, for example inheriting the same set of methods, or being tested in the same way.").


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;EntityReference&#39; in that specification.</small>]10403 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | ? | No support | No support | No support | ? | ? 






## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsCompatTable]6759 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[stevenwdv]6550 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[iamanupmenon]10417 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Brettz9]5522 "")
**最后编辑者:**[stevenwdv]6550 ""),<time>May 25, 2017, 10:43:54 AM</time>


