---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ExtendableMessageEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]10738 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]10739 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2698#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.






The**`ExtendableMessageEvent`**interface of the[`ServiceWorker API`]4317 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")represents the event object of a`[message]10741 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/message_(ServiceWorker)")`event fired on a service worker (when a channel message is received on the[`ServiceWorkerGlobalScope`]4888 "The ServiceWorkerGlobalScope interface of the ServiceWorker API represents the global execution context of a service worker.")from another context) — extends the lifetime of such events.



This interface inherits from the[`ExtendableEvent`]10742 "The ExtendableEvent interface extends the lifetime of the install and activate events dispatched on the global scope as part of the service worker lifecycle. This ensures that any functional events (like FetchEvent) are not dispatched until it upgrades database schemas and deletes the outdated cache entries.")interface.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ExtendableMessageEvent.ExtendableMessageEvent()`]10743 "The ExtendableMessageEvent() constructor creates a new ExtendableMessageEvent object instance.")</dt><dd>Creates a new`ExtendableMessageEvent`object instance.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,</em><em>[`ExtendableEvent`]10742 "The ExtendableEvent interface extends the lifetime of the install and activate events dispatched on the global scope as part of the service worker lifecycle. This ensures that any functional events (like FetchEvent) are not dispatched until it upgrades database schemas and deletes the outdated cache entries.")</em>.

<dl><dt>[`ExtendableMessageEvent.data`]10744 "The data read-only property of the ExtendableMessageEvent interface returns the event's data. It can be any data type.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the event&#39;s data. It can be any data type.</dd><dt>[`ExtendableMessageEvent.origin`]10745 "The origin read-only property of the ExtendableMessageEvent interface returns the origin of the ServiceWorkerClient that sent the message.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the origin of the[`ServiceWorkerClient`]10746 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")that sent the message</dd><dt>[`ExtendableMessageEvent.lastEventId`]10747 "The lastEventID read-only property of the ExtendableMessageEvent interface represents, in server-sent events, the last event ID of the event source.")Read only</dt><dd>Represents, in[server-sent events]10748 ""), the last event ID of the event source.</dd><dt>[`ExtendableMessageEvent.source`]10749 "The source read-only property of the ExtendableMessageEvent returns a reference to the Client object from which the message was sent.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a reference to the service worker that sent the message.</dd><dt>[`ExtendableMessageEvent.ports`]10750 "The ports read-only property of the ExtendableMessageEvent interface returns the array containing the MessagePort objects representing the ports of the associated message channel (the channel the message is being sent through.)")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the array containing the[`MessagePort`]10752 "The MessagePort interface of the Channel Messaging API represents one of the two ports of a MessageChannel, allowing messages to be sent from one port and listening out for them arriving at the other.")objects representing the ports of the associated message channel.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Inherits methods from its parent,</em><em>[`ExtendableEvent`]10742 "The ExtendableEvent interface extends the lifetime of the install and activate events dispatched on the global scope as part of the service worker lifecycle. This ensures that any functional events (like FetchEvent) are not dispatched until it upgrades database schemas and deletes the outdated cache entries.")</em>.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


When the following code is used inside a service worker to respond to a push messages by sending the data received via[`PushMessageData`]10753 "The PushMessageData interface of the Push API provides methods which let you retrieve the push data sent by a server in various formats.")to the main context via a[channel message]10754 ""), the event object of`onmessage`will be a`ExtendableMessageEvent`.


```
var port;

self.addEventListener('push', function(e) {
  var obj = e.data.json();

  if(obj.action === 'subscribe' || obj.action === 'unsubscribe') {
    port.postMessage(obj);
  } else if(obj.action === 'init' || obj.action === 'chatMsg') {
    port.postMessage(obj);
  }
});

self.onmessage = function(e) {
  console.log(e);
  port = e.ports[0];
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ExtendableMessageEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]10755 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | (Yes) | [45.0]10756 "Released on 2016-03-08.")(45.0)<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | ? | No support 
data property | 51.0 | ? | ? | ? | ? 






[1] Service workers (and[Push]4701 "")) have been disabled in the[Firefox 45 and 52 Extended Support Releases]4702 "")(ESR.)


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using Service Workers]4703 "")
* [Service workers basic code example]4704 "")
* [Is ServiceWorker ready?]4705 "")
* [Channel Messaging]10754 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [ExtendableMessageEvent]10759 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Service Workers]4709 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Feb 28, 2017, 2:55:53 AM</time>


