---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLAnchorElement/rel
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]27330 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24213 "")版。</bdi>






The`**HTMLAnchorElement.rel**`property reflects the`[rel]24211 "")`attribute. It is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing a space-separated list of[link types]24202 "")indicating the relationship between the resource represented by the[`<a>`]24205 "The HTML <a> element (or anchor element) creates a hyperlink to other web pages, files, locations within the same page, email addresses, or any other URL.")element and the current document.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var relstr = anchorElt.rel;
anchorElt.rel = relstr;

```

## Example<a name="Specifications"></a>

```
var anchors = document.getElementsByTagName("a");
var length = anchors.length;
for (var i = 0; i < length; i++) {
  alert(anchors[i]);
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;rel&#39; in that specification.</small>]27331 "") | Living Standard | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification]12146 "The 'Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification' specification") 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;rel&#39; in that specification.</small>]27332 "") | Obsolete | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification]4414 "The 'Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification' specification") 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;rel&#39; in that specification.</small>]27333 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The equivalent property on[`<area>`]12822 "The HTML <area> element defines a hot-spot region on an image, and optionally associates it with a hypertext link. This element is used only within a <map> element.")and[`<link>`]24203 "The HTML <link> element specifies relationships between the current document and an external resource. Possible uses for this element include defining a relational framework for navigation. This element is most used to link to style sheets."),[`HTMLAreaElement.rel`]24219 "The HTMLAreaElement.rel property reflects the rel attribute. It is a DOMString containing a space-separated list of link types indicating the relationship between the resource represented by the <a> element and the current document.")and[`HTMLLinkElement.rel`]24208 "The HTMLLinkElement.rel property reflects the rel attribute. It is a DOMString containing a space-separated list of link types indicating the relationship between the resource represented by the <link> element and the current document.").
* The very same list but as tokens:[`HTMLAnchorElement.relList`]24206 "The HTMLAnchorElement.relList read-only property reflects the rel attribute. It is a live DOMTokenList containing the set of link types indicating the relationship between the resource represented by the <a> element and the current document.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [HTMLAnchorElement]24214 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 9, 2018, 1:46:45 AM</time>


