---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/InternalError/prototype
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45725 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]44270 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The`**InternalError.prototype**`property represents the prototype of the[`InternalError`]40834 "The InternalError object indicates an error that occurred internally in the JavaScript engine. For example: "InternalError: too much recursion".")constructor.


Property attributes of`InternalError.prototype` 
 ---  | 
Writable | no 
Enumerable | no 
Configurable | no 



## Description<a name="Description"></a>


All[`InternalError`]40834 "The InternalError object indicates an error that occurred internally in the JavaScript engine. For example: "InternalError: too much recursion".")instances inherit from`InternalError.prototype`. You can use the prototype to add properties or methods to all instances.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`InternalError.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>Specifies the function that created an instance&#39;s prototype.</dd><dt id=''>[`InternalError.prototype.message`]41994 "The message property is a human-readable description of the error.")</dt><dd>Error message. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`InternalError.prototype.name`]41995 "The name property represents a name for the type of error. The initial value is "Error".")</dt><dd>Error name. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`InternalError.prototype.fileName`]41998 "The fileName property contains the path to the file that raised this error.")</dt><dd>Path to file that raised this error. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`InternalError.prototype.lineNumber`]41999 "The lineNumber property contains the line number in the file that raised this error.")</dt><dd>Line number in file that raised this error. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`InternalError.prototype.columnNumber`]42000 "The columnNumber property contains the column number in the line of the file that raised this error.")</dt><dd>Column number in line that raised this error. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`InternalError.prototype.stack`]42001 "The non-standard stack property of Error objects offer a trace of which functions were called, in what order, from which line and file, and with what arguments. The stack string proceeds from the most recent calls to earlier ones, leading back to the original global scope call.")</dt><dd>Stack trace. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


Although the[`InternalError`]40834 "The InternalError object indicates an error that occurred internally in the JavaScript engine. For example: "InternalError: too much recursion".")prototype object does not contain any methods of its own,[`InternalError`]40834 "The InternalError object indicates an error that occurred internally in the JavaScript engine. For example: "InternalError: too much recursion".")instances do inherit some methods through the prototype chain.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specifications.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Basic support]45726 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Error.prototype`]44267 "The Error.prototype property represents the prototype for the Error constructor.")
* [`Function.prototype`]42576 "The Function.prototype property represents the Function prototype object.")



