---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-family#%3Cgeneric-name%3E
---





The**`font-family`**CSS property specifies a prioritized list of one or more font family names and/or generic family names for the selected element.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/font-family.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


Values are separated by commas to indicate that they are alternatives. The browser will select the first font in the list that is installed or that can be downloaded using a[`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule specifies a custom font with which to display text; the font can be loaded from either a remote server or the user's own computer.")at-rule.



It is often convenient to use the shorthand property[`font`]23656 "The font CSS property is either a shorthand property for setting font-style, font-variant, font-weight, font-size, line-height, and font-family; or a way to set the element's font to a system font, using specific keywords.")to set`font-size`and other font related properties all at once.



You should always include at least one generic family name in a font-family list, since there&#39;s no guarantee that any given font is available. This lets the browser select an acceptable fallback font when necessary.



The`font-family`property specifies a list of fonts, from highest priority to lowest. Font selection*does not*simply stop at the first font in the list that is on the user&#39;s system. Rather, font selection is done*one character at a time*, so that if an available font does not have a glyph for a needed character, the latter fonts are tried. (However, this doesn&#39;t work in Internet Explorer 6 or earlier.) When a font is only available in some[styles]30085 "CSS/font-style"),[variants]30086 "CSS/font-variant"), or[sizes]30087 "CSS/font-size"), those properties may also influence which font family is chosen.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* A font family name and a generic family name */
font-family: Gill Sans Extrabold, sans-serif;
font-family: "Goudy Bookletter 1911", sans-serif;

/* A generic family name only */
font-family: serif;
font-family: sans-serif;
font-family: monospace;
font-family: cursive;
font-family: fantasy;
font-family: system-ui;

/* Global values */
font-family: inherit;
font-family: initial;
font-family: unset;
```


The`font-family`property lists one or more font families, separated by commas. Each font family is specified as either a`[&lt;family-name&gt;]36764 "")`or a`[&lt;generic-name&gt;]36765 "")`value.



The example below lists two font families, the first with a`<family-name>`and the second with a`<generic-name>`:


```
font-family: Gill Sans Extrabold, sans-serif;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''></dt><dd>The name of a font family. For example, &quot;Times&quot; and &quot;Helvetica&quot; are font families. Font family names containing whitespace should be quoted.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>

Generic font families are a fallback mechanism, a means of preserving some of the style sheet author&#39;s intent when none of the specified fonts are available. Generic family names are keywords and must not be quoted. A generic font family should be the last item in the list of font family names. The following keywords are defined:

<dl><dt id=''>`serif`</dt><dd>Glyphs have finishing strokes, flared or tapering ends, or have actual serifed endings.<br></br>E.g.Lucida Bright,Lucida Fax,Palatino,&quot;Palatino Linotype&quot;,Palladio,&quot;URW Palladio&quot;,serif.</dd><dt id=''>`sans-serif`</dt><dd>Glyphs have stroke endings that are plain.<br></br>E.g.&quot;Open Sans&quot;,&quot;Fira Sans&quot;,&quot;Lucida Sans&quot;,&quot;Lucida Sans Unicode&quot;,&quot;Trebuchet MS&quot;,&quot;Liberation Sans&quot;,&quot;Nimbus Sans L&quot;,sans-serif.</dd><dt id=''>`monospace`</dt><dd>All glyphs have the same fixed width.<br></br>E.g.&quot;Fira Mono&quot;,&quot;DejaVu Sans Mono&quot;,Menlo,Consolas,&quot;Liberation Mono&quot;,Monaco,&quot;Lucida Console&quot;,monospace.</dd><dt id=''>`cursive`</dt><dd>Glyphs in cursive fonts generally have either joining strokes or other cursive characteristics beyond those of italic typefaces. The glyphs are partially or completely connected, and the result looks more like handwritten pen or brush writing than printed letterwork.<br></br>E.g.&quot;Brush Script MT&quot;,&quot;Brush Script Std&quot;,&quot;Lucida Calligraphy&quot;,&quot;Lucida Handwriting&quot;,&quot;Apple Chancery&quot;,cursive.</dd><dt id=''>`fantasy`</dt><dd>Fantasy fonts are primarily decorative fonts that contain playful representations of characters.<br></br>E.g.Papyrus,Herculanum,Party LET,Curlz MT,Harrington,fantasy.</dd><dt id=''>`system-ui`</dt><dd>Glyphs are taken from the default user interface font on a given platform. Because typographic traditions vary widely across the world, this generic is provided for typefaces that don&#39;t map cleanly into the other generics.</dd></dl></dd></dl>
### Valid family names<a name="Valid_family_names"></a>


Font family names must either be given quoted as strings, or unquoted as a sequence of one or more identifiers. This means that punctuation characters and digits at the start of each token must be escaped in unquoted font family names.



For example, the following declarations are valid:


```
font-family: Gill Sans Extrabold, sans-serif;
font-family: "Goudy Bookletter 1911", sans-serif;
```


The following declarations are**invalid**:


```
font-family: Goudy Bookletter 1911, sans-serif;
font-family: Red/Black, sans-serif;
font-family: "Lucida" Grande, sans-serif;
font-family: Ahem!, sans-serif;
font-family: test@foo, sans-serif;
font-family: #POUND, sans-serif;
font-family: Hawaii 5-0, sans-serif;
```

### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <family-name> | <generic-family> ]#where <family-name> = <string> | <custom-ident>+<generic-family> = serif | sans-serif | cursive | fantasy | monospace
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Some common font families<a name="Some_common_font_families"></a>

```
.serif {
  font-family: Times, Times New Roman, Georgia, serif;
}

.sansserif {
  font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
}

.monospace {
  font-family: Lucida Console, Courier, monospace;
}

.cursive {
  font-family: cursive;
}

.fantasy {
  font-family: fantasy;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-family$samples/Some_common_font_families?revision=1382773' width='600' height='120'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;generic font families&#39; in that specification.</small>]36766 "") | Working Draft | Adds new generic font families, specifically:`system-ui`,`emoji`,`math`, and`fangsong`. 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-family&#39; in that specification.</small>]30088 "") | Candidate Recommendation | No significant change 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-family&#39; in that specification.</small>]30089 "") | Recommendation | No significant change 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-family&#39; in that specification.</small>]30090 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


[Initial value]28552 "") | depends on user agent 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables).")and[`::first-line`]28554 "The ::first-line CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first line of a block-level element."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`system-ui`<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>



