---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/EventSource/onmessage
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26761 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26762 "")版。</bdi>






The`**onmessage**`property of the[`EventSource`]26763 "The EventSource interface is web content's interface to server-sent events. An EventSource instance opens a persistent connection to an HTTP server, which sends events in text/event-stream format.")interface is an[`EventHandler`]4338 "A possible way to get notified of Events of a particular type (such as click) for a given object is to specify an event handler using:")called when a`[message]4333 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/message")`event is received, that is when a message is coming from the source.



Event objects of`onmessage`event handers are of type[`MessageEvent`]4340 "The MessageEvent interface represents a message received by a target object.").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
eventSource.onmessage = function
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
evtSource.onmessage = function(e) {
  var newElement = document.createElement("li");

  newElement.textContent = "message: " + e.data;
  eventList.appendChild(newElement);
}
```


**Note**: You can find a full example on GitHub — see[Simple SSE demo using PHP.]26757 "")



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;onmessage&#39; in that specification.</small>]26764 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
EventSource support | 6 | No support | [6.0]3569 "Released on 2011-08-16.")(6.0) | No support | (Yes) | 5 
Available in shared and dedicated workers<sup>[1]</sup> | (Yes) | No support | [53.0]3920 "Released on 2017-04-18.")(53.0) | No support | (Yes) | (Yes) 






[1] But[not service workers as yet]26759 "").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`EventSource`]26763 "The EventSource interface is web content's interface to server-sent events. An EventSource instance opens a persistent connection to an HTTP server, which sends events in text/event-stream format.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Event Handler]22621 "")
* [EventSource]26765 "")
* [onmessage]24333 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Server-sent events]26766 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>May 17, 2017, 8:00:45 AM</time>


