---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Element/getAttributeNodeNS
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26532 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]22741 "")版。</bdi>





## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


Returns the`Attr`node for the attribute with the given namespace and name.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
attributeNode = element.getAttributeNodeNS(
namespace,
nodeName)
```

* `attributeNode`is the node for specified attribute.
* `namespace`is a string specifying the namespace of the attribute.
* `nodeName`is a string specifying the name of the attribute.





## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>


`getAttributeNodeNS`is more specific than[getAttributeNode]26533 "")in that it allows you to specify attributes that are part of a particular namespace. The corresponding setter method is[setAttributeNodeNS]26534 "").



DOM methods dealing with element&#39;s attributes:


Not namespace-aware, most commonly used methods | Namespace-aware variants (DOM Level 2) | DOM Level 1 methods for dealing with`Attr`nodes directly (seldom used) | DOM Level 2 namespace-aware methods for dealing with`Attr`nodes directly (seldom used) 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[`setAttribute`]22737 "Sets the value of an attribute on the specified element. If the attribute already exists, the value is updated; otherwise a new attribute is added with the specified name and value.")(DOM 1) | [`setAttributeNS`]22738 "setAttributeNS adds a new attribute or changes the value of an attribute with the given namespace and name.") | [`setAttributeNode`]22739 "setAttributeNode() adds a new Attr node to the specified element.") | [`setAttributeNodeNS`]22740 "setAttributeNodeNS adds a new namespaced attribute node to an element.") 
[`getAttribute`]14116 "getAttribute() returns the value of a specified attribute on the element.")(DOM 1) | [`getAttributeNS`]22734 "getAttributeNS returns the string value of the attribute with the specified namespace and name. If the named attribute does not exist, the value returned will either be null or "" (the empty string); see Notes for details.") | [`getAttributeNode`]14117 "Returns the specified attribute of the specified element, as an Attr node.") | [`getAttributeNodeNS`]22741 "Returns the Attr node for the attribute with the given namespace and name.") 
[`hasAttribute`]22742 "The Element.hasAttribute() method returns a Boolean value indicating whether the specified element has the specified attribute or not.")(DOM 2) | [`hasAttributeNS`]22736 "hasAttributeNS returns a boolean value indicating whether the current element has the specified attribute.") | - | - 
[`removeAttribute`]22743 "removeAttribute removes an attribute from the specified element.")(DOM 1) | [`removeAttributeNS`]22744 "removeAttributeNS removes the specified attribute from an element.") | [`removeAttributeNode`]22745 "removeAttributeNode removes the specified attribute from the current element.") | - 


## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>


[DOM Level 2 Core: getAttributeNodeNS]26535 "")




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[vishu_gawli]22751 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[mattbasta]22752 ""),[Mgjbot]296 ""),[Ptak82]24654 ""),[Jabez]13276 ""),[Nickolay]6761 ""),[Dria]13282 ""),[JesseW]13284 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 21, 2015, 10:16:39 AM</time>


