---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/gitcredentials
---


## NAME<a name="_name"></a>


gitcredentials - providing usernames and passwords to Git





## SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git config credential.https://example.com.username myusername
git config credential.helper "$helper $options"
```





## DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


Git will sometimes need credentials from the user in order to perform operations; for example, it may need to ask for a username and password in order to access a remote repository over HTTP. This manual describes the mechanisms Git uses to request these credentials, as well as some features to avoid inputting these credentials repeatedly.





## REQUESTING CREDENTIALS<a name="_requesting_credentials"></a>


Without any credential helpers defined, Git will try the following strategies to ask the user for usernames and passwords:



1. If the`GIT_ASKPASS`environment variable is set, the program specified by the variable is invoked. A suitable prompt is provided to the program on the command line, and the user’s input is read from its standard output.
1. Otherwise, if the`core.askPass`configuration variable is set, its value is used as above.
1. Otherwise, if the`SSH_ASKPASS`environment variable is set, its value is used as above.
1. Otherwise, the user is prompted on the terminal.




## AVOIDING REPETITION<a name="_avoiding_repetition"></a>


It can be cumbersome to input the same credentials over and over. Git provides two methods to reduce this annoyance:



1. Static configuration of usernames for a given authentication context.
1. Credential helpers to cache or store passwords, or to interact with a system password wallet or keychain.



The first is simple and appropriate if you do not have secure storage available for a password. It is generally configured by adding this to your config:



```
[credential "https://example.com"]
	username = me
```




Credential helpers, on the other hand, are external programs from which Git can request both usernames and passwords; they typically interface with secure storage provided by the OS or other programs.




To use a helper, you must first select one to use. Git currently includes the following helpers:


<dl><dt id='gitcredentials-cache'>cache</dt><dd>

Cache credentials in memory for a short period of time. See[git-credential-cache[1]](%5454  "")for details.

</dd><dt id='gitcredentials-store'>store</dt><dd>

Store credentials indefinitely on disk. See[git-credential-store[1]](%5456  "")for details.

</dd></dl>


You may also have third-party helpers installed; search for`credential-*`in the output of`git help -a`, and consult the documentation of individual helpers. Once you have selected a helper, you can tell Git to use it by putting its name into the credential.helper variable.



1. Find a helper.


```
$ git help -a | grep credential-
credential-foo
```
1. Read its description.


```
$ git help credential-foo
```
1. Tell Git to use it.


```
$ git config --global credential.helper foo
```




## CREDENTIAL CONTEXTS<a name="_credential_contexts"></a>


Git considers each credential to have a context defined by a URL. This context is used to look up context-specific configuration, and is passed to any helpers, which may use it as an index into secure storage.




For instance, imagine we are accessing`https://example.com/foo.git`. When Git looks into a config file to see if a section matches this context, it will consider the two a match if the context is a more-specific subset of the pattern in the config file. For example, if you have this in your config file:



```
[credential "https://example.com"]
	username = foo
```




then we will match: both protocols are the same, both hosts are the same, and the &quot;pattern&quot; URL does not care about the path component at all. However, this context would not match:



```
[credential "https://kernel.org"]
	username = foo
```




because the hostnames differ. Nor would it match`foo.example.com`; Git compares hostnames exactly, without considering whether two hosts are part of the same domain. Likewise, a config entry for`http://example.com`would not match: Git compares the protocols exactly.





## CONFIGURATION OPTIONS<a name="_configuration_options"></a>


Options for a credential context can be configured either in`credential.*`(which applies to all credentials), or`credential.<url>.*`, where &lt;url&gt; matches the context as described above.




The following options are available in either location:


<dl><dt id='gitcredentials-helper'>helper</dt><dd>

The name of an external credential helper, and any associated options. If the helper name is not an absolute path, then the string`git credential-`is prepended. The resulting string is executed by the shell (so, for example, setting this to`foo --option=bar`will execute`git credential-foo --option=bar`via the shell. See the manual of specific helpers for examples of their use.



If there are multiple instances of the`credential.helper`configuration variable, each helper will be tried in turn, and may provide a username, password, or nothing. Once Git has acquired both a username and a password, no more helpers will be tried.




If`credential.helper`is configured to the empty string, this resets the helper list to empty (so you may override a helper set by a lower-priority config file by configuring the empty-string helper, followed by whatever set of helpers you would like).


</dd><dt id='gitcredentials-username'>username</dt><dd>

A default username, if one is not provided in the URL.

</dd><dt id='gitcredentials-useHttpPath'>useHttpPath</dt><dd>

By default, Git does not consider the &quot;path&quot; component of an http URL to be worth matching via external helpers. This means that a credential stored for`https://example.com/foo.git`will also be used for`https://example.com/bar.git`. If you do want to distinguish these cases, set this option to`true`.

</dd></dl>



## CUSTOM HELPERS<a name="_custom_helpers"></a>


You can write your own custom helpers to interface with any system in which you keep credentials. See the documentation for Git’s[credentials API](%21512  "")for details.





## GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





