---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-moz-image-rect
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The**`-moz-image-rect`**value for[CSS]427 "")[`background-image`]29452 "The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images on an element.")lets you use a portion of a larger image as a background. This allows you to, for example, use different parts of one larger image as backgrounds in different parts of your content.



This works very similarly to the[`-moz-image-region`]32948 "For certain XUL elements and pseudo-elements that use an image from the list-style-image property, this property specifies a region of the image that is used in place of the whole image. This allows elements to use different pieces of the same image to improve performance.")property, which is used with the[`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style.")property to use parts of an image as the bullets in lists. However, this can be used for any CSS background.



The syntax for the rectangle is similar to the[`rect()`](%31750#Syntax "")function generating a[`<<shape>()>`]31750 "The <shape> CSS data type defines the specific form (shape) of a region. The region represents the part of an element to which the clip property applies.")CSS type. All four values are relative to the upper left corner of the image.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
-moz-image-rect(<uri>, top, right, bottom, left);
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<uri>`]4572 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>The URI of the image from which to take the sub-image.</dd><dt id=''>`top`</dt><dd>The top edge, specified as a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow."), of the sub-image within the specified image.</dd><dt id=''>`right`</dt><dd>The right edge, specified as a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow."), of the sub-image within the specified image.</dd><dt id=''>`bottom`</dt><dd>The bottom edge, specified as a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow."), of the sub-image within the specified image.</dd><dt id=''>`left`</dt><dd>The left edge, specified as a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow."), of the sub-image within the specified image.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example loads an image and uses it in four segments to draw the Firefox logo in four[`<div>`]24289 "The HTML Content Division element (<div>) is the generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled using CSS.")blocks. Clicking on their container causes the four segments to rotate around by swapping the[`background-image`]29452 "The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images on an element.")property values among the four[`<div>`]24289 "The HTML Content Division element (<div>) is the generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled using CSS.")blocks.


### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>


The CSS defines one container style, then the styles for the four boxes that comprise the complete image.



The container looks like this:


```
#container {
  width:267px;
  height:272px;
  top:100px;
  left:100px;
  position:absolute;
  font-size:16px;
  text-shadow:white 0px 0px 6px;
  text-align:center;
}
```


Then the four boxes defining the segments of the image are defined. Let&#39;s look at them one at a time.


```
#box1 {
  background-image: -moz-image-rect(url(https://mdn.mozillademos.org/files/12053/firefox.png), 0%, 50%, 50%, 0%);
  width:133px;
  height:136px;
  position:absolute;
}
```


This is the top-left corner of the image. It defines a rectangle containing the top-left quarter of the image in the file`firefox.jpg`.


```
#box2 {
  background-image: -moz-image-rect(url(https://mdn.mozillademos.org/files/12053/firefox.png), 0%, 100%, 50%, 50%);
  width:133px;
  height:136px;
  position:absolute;
}
```


This defines the top-right corner of the image.



The other corners follow a similar pattern:


```
#box3 {
  background-image: -moz-image-rect(url(https://mdn.mozillademos.org/files/12053/firefox.png), 50%, 50%, 100%, 0%);
  width:133px;
  height:136px;
  position:absolute;
}
#box4 {
  background-image: -moz-image-rect(url(https://mdn.mozillademos.org/files/12053/firefox.png), 50%, 100%, 100%, 50%);
  width:133px;
  height:136px;
  position:absolute;
}
```

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>


The HTML is quite simple:


```
<div id="container" onclick="rotate()">
  <div id="box1" style="left:0px;top:0px;">Top left</div>
  <div id="box2" style="left:133px;top:0px;">Top right</div>
  <div id="box3" style="left:0px;top:136px;">Bottom left</div>
  <div id="box4" style="left:133px;top:136px;">Bottom right</div>
</div>
```


This places the four segments of our image in a two-by-two box grid. These four segments are all contained within a larger[`<div>`]24289 "The HTML Content Division element (<div>) is the generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled using CSS.")block whose primary purpose is to receive click events and dispatch them to our JavaScript code.


### The JavaScript code<a name="The_JavaScript_code"></a>


This code handles the click event when the container receives a mouse click.


```
function rotate() {
  var prevStyle = window.getComputedStyle(document.getElementById("box4"), null).getPropertyValue("background-image");
  
  // Now that we've saved the last one, start rotating
  
  for (var i=1; i<=4; i++) {
    var curId = "box" + i;
    
    // Shift the background images
    
    var curStyle = window.getComputedStyle(document.getElementById(curId), null).getPropertyValue("background-image");
    document.getElementById(curId).style.backgroundImage = prevStyle;
    prevStyle = curStyle;
  }    
}
```


This uses[`window.getComputedStyle()`]33777 "The Window.getComputedStyle() method returns an object that reports the values of all CSS properties of an element after applying active stylesheets and resolving any basic computation those values may contain.  Individual CSS property values are accessed through APIs provided by the object or by simply indexing with CSS property names.")to fetch the style of each element, shifting it to the following element. Notice that before it begins doing so it saves a copy of the last box&#39;s style since it will be overwritten by the third element&#39;s style. By simply copying the values of the[`background-image`]29452 "The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images on an element.")property from one element to the next with each mouse click, we achieve the desired effect.


### What it looks like<a name="What_it_looks_like"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-moz-image-rect$samples/Example?revision=1367365' width='400' height='400'></iframe>



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>



