---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CloseEvent/initCloseEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%23851 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%23852 "")版。</bdi>






**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%23853 "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.




The`**CloseEvent.initCloseEvent()**`method initializes the value of a close event once it&#39;s been created (normally using the[`Document.createEvent()`](%14113 "Creates an event of the type specified. The returned object should be first initialized and can then be passed to element.dispatchEvent.")method).



Events initialized in this way must have been created with the[`Document.createEvent()`](%14113 "Creates an event of the type specified. The returned object should be first initialized and can then be passed to element.dispatchEvent.")method. This method must be called to set the event before it is dispatched, using[`EventTarget.dispatchEvent()`](%15703 "Dispatches an Event at the specified EventTarget, invoking the affected EventListeners in the appropriate order. The normal event processing rules (including the capturing and optional bubbling phase) also apply to events dispatched manually with dispatchEvent()."). Once dispatched, it doesn&#39;t do anything anymore.



**Do not use this method anymore as it is deprecated.**



Instead use specific event constructors, like[`CloseEvent()`](%23854 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"). The page on[Creating and triggering events](%23213 "")gives more information about the way to use these.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
event.initMouseEvent(type, canBubble, cancelable, wasClean, reasonCode, reason);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><em>`type`</em></dt><dd>the string to set the event&#39;s[`type`](%5192 "The Event.type read-only property returns a string containing the event's type. It is set when the event is constructed and is the name commonly used to refer to the specific event, such as click, load, or error")to. Possible types for mouse events include:`click`,`mousedown`,`mouseup`,`mouseover`,`mousemove`,`mouseout`.</dd><dt id=''><em>`canBubble`</em></dt><dd>whether or not the event can bubble. Sets the value of[`Event.bubbles`](%5176 "Indicates whether the given event bubbles up through the DOM or not.  "Bubbling" is essentially where an event gets handled first on the element it was assigned to, then subsequently handling the event on that elements parent element, then on that elements parent, and on and on.  This process continues until the event reaches an event handler and is therefore "handled."  For example, if a button has an event handler on it, and it is clicked, there will be no "bubbling" up through it's parent elements because the event is handled on the button.  However, if it is not, the event will "bubble" up, or check the parent element of the button for a handler and on and on until it either finds an event handler or reaches the DOM.").</dd><dt id=''><em>`cancelable`</em></dt><dd>whether or not the event&#39;s default action can be prevented. Sets the value of[`Event.cancelable`](%5179 "Events' cancelable property indicates if the event can be canceled, and therefore prevented as if the event never happened.").</dd><dt id=''><em>`wasClean`</em></dt><dd>whether or not the connection was cleanly closed.</dd><dt id=''>`<em>reasonCode</em>`</dt><dd>the reason of the close.</dd><dt id=''>`<em>reason</em>`</dt><dd>a[`DOMString`](%3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")describing the reason of the close in shuman-readable way.</dd><dt id=''></dt></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


<em>This is no part of any specifications, though it was in some early drafts.</em>


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | (Yes) | (Yes) | [8](%4162 "Released on 2011-11-08.")(8)<br></br>Removed in[41](%4735 "Released on 2015-09-22.")(41) | ? | (Yes) | ? 




## See Also<a name="See_Also"></a>

* [`CloseEvent()`](%23847 "The CloseEvent() constructor creates a new CloseEvent.")constructor, the modern standard way of creating a[`CloseEvent`](%21021 "A CloseEvent is sent to clients using WebSockets when the connection is closed. This is delivered to the listener indicated by the WebSocket object's onclose attribute.")
* [`Event.initEvent()`](%23855 "The Event.initEvent() method is used to initialize the value of an event created using Document.createEvent().")is a simpler method serving a similar purpose. It is also obsolete and shouldn&#39;t be used any more.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[erikadoyle](%3894 ""),[teoli](%160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[erikadoyle](%3894 ""),<time>Nov 23, 2016, 1:52:25 PM</time>


