---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Model
---





**CSS Basic Box Model**is a module of CSS that defines the rectangular boxes—including their padding and margin—that are generated for elements and laid out according to the[visual formatting model]34637 "").


## Reference<a name="Reference"></a>

### Properties<a name="Properties"></a>

#### Properties controlling the flow of content in a box<a name="Properties_controlling_the_flow_of_content_in_a_box"></a>

* [`overflow`]33028 "The overflow CSS property specifies what to do when an element's content is too large to fit in its block formatting context. It is a shorthand for the overflow-x and overflow-y properties.")
* [`overflow-x`]34287 "The overflow-x CSS property specifies whether to clip content, render a scroll bar, or display overflow content of a block-level element, when it overflows at the left and right edges.")
* [`overflow-y`]34288 "The overflow-y CSS property specifies whether to clip content, render a scroll bar, or display overflow content of a block-level element, when it overflows at the top and bottom edges.")


#### Properties controlling the size of a box<a name="Properties_controlling_the_size_of_a_box"></a>

* [`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.")
* [`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")
* [`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")
* [`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")
* [`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height.")
* [`min-width`]14279 "The min-width CSS property sets the minimum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-width.")


#### Properties controlling the margins of a box<a name="Properties_controlling_the_margins_of_a_box"></a>

* [`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left.")
* [`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")
* [`margin-left`]30853 "The margin-left CSS property sets the margin area on the left side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")
* [`margin-right`]30851 "The margin-right CSS property sets the margin area on the right side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")
* [`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")


#### Properties controlling the paddings of a box<a name="Properties_controlling_the_paddings_of_a_box"></a>

* [`padding`]29242 "The padding CSS property sets the padding area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual paddings at once: padding-top, padding-right, padding-bottom, and padding-left.")
* [`padding-bottom`]31485 "The padding-bottom CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the bottom of an element. Unlike margins, negative values are not allowed for padding. The padding shorthand property can be used to set paddings on all four sides of an element with a single declaration.")
* [`padding-left`]31486 "The padding-left CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the left side of an element. Unlike margins, negative values are not allowed for padding. The padding shorthand property can be used to set paddings on all four sides of an element with a single declaration.")
* [`padding-right`]31484 "The padding-right CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the right side of an element. Unlike margins, negative values are not allowed for padding. The padding shorthand property can be used to set paddings on all four sides of an element with a single declaration.")
* [`padding-top`]31483 "The padding-top CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the top of an element. Unlike margins, negative values are not allowed for padding. The padding shorthand property can be used to set paddings on all four sides of an element with a single declaration.")


#### Other properties<a name="Other_properties"></a>

* [`visibility`]35131 "The visibility CSS property can show or hide an element without affecting the layout of a document (i.e., space is created for elements regardless of whether they are visible or not). The property can also hide rows or columns in a <table>.")


## Guides<a name="Guides"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Introduction to the CSS box model]32859 "")</dt><dd>Explains one of the fundamental concept of CSS: the box model. This model defines how CSS lays out elements, including their content, padding, border, and margin areas.</dd><dt id=''>[Mastering margin collapsing]30837 "")</dt><dd>Sometimes, two adjacent margins are collapsed into one. This article describes the rules that govern when and why this happens, and how to control it.</dd><dt id=''>[Visual formatting model]34637 "")</dt><dd>Explains the visual formatting model.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Basic Box Model]38438 "The 'CSS Basic Box Model' specification") | Working Draft |  
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)]38439 "The 'CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)' specification") | Recommendation |  
[CSS Level 1]29422 "The 'CSS Level 1' specification") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 1.0 | 1.0 (1.7 or earlier) | 3.0 | 3.5 | 1.0 (85) 






