---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-reflog
---


## [](%2300#_name "")NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-reflog - Manage reflog information





## [](%2300#_synopsis "")SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git reflog <subcommand> <options>
```




## [](%2300#_description "")DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


The command takes various subcommands, and different options depending on the subcommand:



```
git reflog [show] [log-options] [<ref>]
git reflog expire [--expire=<time>] [--expire-unreachable=<time>]
	[--rewrite] [--updateref] [--stale-fix]
	[--dry-run | -n] [--verbose] [--all | <refs>…​]
git reflog delete [--rewrite] [--updateref]
	[--dry-run | -n] [--verbose] ref@{specifier}…​
git reflog exists <ref>
```



Reference logs, or &quot;reflogs&quot;, record when the tips of branches and other references were updated in the local repository. Reflogs are useful in various Git commands, to specify the old value of a reference. For example,`HEAD@{2}`means &quot;where HEAD used to be two moves ago&quot;,`master@{one.week.ago}`means &quot;where master used to point to one week ago in this local repository&quot;, and so on. See[gitrevisions[7]](%2288  "")for more details.




This command manages the information recorded in the reflogs.




The &quot;show&quot; subcommand (which is also the default, in the absence of any subcommands) shows the log of the reference provided in the command-line (or`HEAD`, by default). The reflog covers all recent actions, and in addition the`HEAD`reflog records branch switching.`git reflog show`is an alias for`git log -g --abbrev-commit --pretty=oneline`; see[git-log[1]](%2264  "")for more information.




The &quot;expire&quot; subcommand prunes older reflog entries. Entries older than`expire`time, or entries older than`expire-unreachable`time and not reachable from the current tip, are removed from the reflog. This is typically not used directly by end users — instead, see[git-gc[1]](%2298  "").




The &quot;delete&quot; subcommand deletes single entries from the reflog. Its argument must be an<em>exact</em>entry (e.g. &quot;`git reflog delete master@{2}`&quot;). This subcommand is also typically not used directly by end users.




The &quot;exists&quot; subcommand checks whether a ref has a reflog. It exits with zero status if the reflog exists, and non-zero status if it does not.





## [](%2300#_options "")OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>

### [](%2300#_options_for_code_show_code "")Options for`show`<a name="_options_for_code_show_code"></a>


`git reflog show`accepts any of the options accepted by`git log`.




### [](%2300#_options_for_code_expire_code "")Options for`expire`<a name="_options_for_code_expire_code"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-reflog---all'>[](%2300#git-reflog---all "")--all</dt><dd>

Process the reflogs of all references.

</dd><dt id='git-reflog---expirelttimegt'>[](%2300#git-reflog---expirelttimegt "")--expire=&lt;time&gt;</dt><dd>

Prune entries older than the specified time. If this option is not specified, the expiration time is taken from the configuration setting`gc.reflogExpire`, which in turn defaults to 90 days.`--expire=all`prunes entries regardless of their age;`--expire=never`turns off pruning of reachable entries (but see`--expire-unreachable`).

</dd><dt id='git-reflog---expire-unreachablelttimegt'>[](%2300#git-reflog---expire-unreachablelttimegt "")--expire-unreachable=&lt;time&gt;</dt><dd>

Prune entries older than`<time>`that are not reachable from the current tip of the branch. If this option is not specified, the expiration time is taken from the configuration setting`gc.reflogExpireUnreachable`, which in turn defaults to 30 days.`--expire-unreachable=all`prunes unreachable entries regardless of their age;`--expire-unreachable=never`turns off early pruning of unreachable entries (but see`--expire`).

</dd><dt id='git-reflog---updateref'>[](%2300#git-reflog---updateref "")--updateref</dt><dd>

Update the reference to the value of the top reflog entry (i.e. &lt;ref&gt;@{0}) if the previous top entry was pruned. (This option is ignored for symbolic references.)

</dd><dt id='git-reflog---rewrite'>[](%2300#git-reflog---rewrite "")--rewrite</dt><dd>

If a reflog entry’s predecessor is pruned, adjust its &quot;old&quot; SHA-1 to be equal to the &quot;new&quot; SHA-1 field of the entry that now precedes it.

</dd><dt id='git-reflog---stale-fix'>[](%2300#git-reflog---stale-fix "")--stale-fix</dt><dd>

Prune any reflog entries that point to &quot;broken commits&quot;. A broken commit is a commit that is not reachable from any of the reference tips and that refers, directly or indirectly, to a missing commit, tree, or blob object.



This computation involves traversing all the reachable objects, i.e. it has the same cost as<em>git prune</em>. It is primarily intended to fix corruption caused by garbage collecting using older versions of Git, which didn’t protect objects referred to by reflogs.


</dd><dt id='git-reflog--n'>[](%2300#git-reflog--n "")-n</dt><dt id='git-reflog---dry-run'>[](%2300#git-reflog---dry-run "")--dry-run</dt><dd>

Do not actually prune any entries; just show what would have been pruned.

</dd><dt id='git-reflog---verbose'>[](%2300#git-reflog---verbose "")--verbose</dt><dd>

Print extra information on screen.

</dd></dl>


### [](%2300#_options_for_code_delete_code "")Options for`delete`<a name="_options_for_code_delete_code"></a>


`git reflog delete`accepts options`--updateref`,`--rewrite`,`-n`,`--dry-run`, and`--verbose`, with the same meanings as when they are used with`expire`.






## [](%2300#_git "")GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





