---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-daemon
---


## [](%2305#_name "")NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-daemon - A really simple server for Git repositories





## [](%2305#_synopsis "")SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git daemon [--verbose] [--syslog] [--export-all]
	     [--timeout=<n>] [--init-timeout=<n>] [--max-connections=<n>]
	     [--strict-paths] [--base-path=<path>] [--base-path-relaxed]
	     [--user-path | --user-path=<path>]
	     [--interpolated-path=<pathtemplate>]
	     [--reuseaddr] [--detach] [--pid-file=<file>]
	     [--enable=<service>] [--disable=<service>]
	     [--allow-override=<service>] [--forbid-override=<service>]
	     [--access-hook=<path>] [--[no-]informative-errors]
	     [--inetd |
	      [--listen=<host_or_ipaddr>] [--port=<n>]
	      [--user=<user> [--group=<group>]]]
	     [--log-destination=(stderr|syslog|none)]
	     [<directory>…​]
```




## [](%2305#_description "")DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


A really simple TCP Git daemon that normally listens on port &quot;DEFAULT_GIT_PORT&quot; aka 9418. It waits for a connection asking for a service, and will serve that service if it is enabled.




It verifies that the directory has the magic file &quot;git-daemon-export-ok&quot;, and it will refuse to export any Git directory that hasn’t explicitly been marked for export this way (unless the`--export-all`parameter is specified). If you pass some directory paths as<em>git daemon</em>arguments, you can further restrict the offers to a whitelist comprising of those.




By default, only`upload-pack`service is enabled, which serves<em>git fetch-pack</em>and<em>git ls-remote</em>clients, which are invoked from<em>git fetch</em>,<em>git pull</em>, and<em>git clone</em>.




This is ideally suited for read-only updates, i.e., pulling from Git repositories.




An`upload-archive`also exists to serve<em>git archive</em>.





## [](%2305#_options "")OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-daemon---strict-paths'>[](%2305#git-daemon---strict-paths "")--strict-paths</dt><dd>

Match paths exactly (i.e. don’t allow &quot;/foo/repo&quot; when the real path is &quot;/foo/repo.git&quot; or &quot;/foo/repo/.git&quot;) and don’t do user-relative paths.<em>git daemon</em>will refuse to start when this option is enabled and no whitelist is specified.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---base-pathltpathgt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---base-pathltpathgt "")--base-path=&lt;path&gt;</dt><dd>

Remap all the path requests as relative to the given path. This is sort of &quot;Git root&quot; - if you run<em>git daemon</em>with<em>--base-path=/srv/git</em>on example.com, then if you later try to pull<em>git://example.com/hello.git</em>,<em>git daemon</em>will interpret the path as<em>/srv/git/hello.git</em>.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---base-path-relaxed'>[](%2305#git-daemon---base-path-relaxed "")--base-path-relaxed</dt><dd>

If --base-path is enabled and repo lookup fails, with this option<em>git daemon</em>will attempt to lookup without prefixing the base path. This is useful for switching to --base-path usage, while still allowing the old paths.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---interpolated-pathltpathtemplategt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---interpolated-pathltpathtemplategt "")--interpolated-path=&lt;pathtemplate&gt;</dt><dd>

To support virtual hosting, an interpolated path template can be used to dynamically construct alternate paths. The template supports %H for the target hostname as supplied by the client but converted to all lowercase, %CH for the canonical hostname, %IP for the server’s IP address, %P for the port number, and %D for the absolute path of the named repository. After interpolation, the path is validated against the directory whitelist.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---export-all'>[](%2305#git-daemon---export-all "")--export-all</dt><dd>

Allow pulling from all directories that look like Git repositories (have the<em>objects</em>and<em>refs</em>subdirectories), even if they do not have the<em>git-daemon-export-ok</em>file.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---inetd'>[](%2305#git-daemon---inetd "")--inetd</dt><dd>

Have the server run as an inetd service. Implies --syslog (may be overridden with`--log-destination=`). Incompatible with --detach, --port, --listen, --user and --group options.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---listenlthostoripaddrgt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---listenlthostoripaddrgt "")--listen=&lt;host_or_ipaddr&gt;</dt><dd>

Listen on a specific IP address or hostname. IP addresses can be either an IPv4 address or an IPv6 address if supported. If IPv6 is not supported, then --listen=hostname is also not supported and --listen must be given an IPv4 address. Can be given more than once. Incompatible with`--inetd`option.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---portltngt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---portltngt "")--port=&lt;n&gt;</dt><dd>

Listen on an alternative port. Incompatible with`--inetd`option.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---init-timeoutltngt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---init-timeoutltngt "")--init-timeout=&lt;n&gt;</dt><dd>

Timeout (in seconds) between the moment the connection is established and the client request is received (typically a rather low value, since that should be basically immediate).

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---timeoutltngt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---timeoutltngt "")--timeout=&lt;n&gt;</dt><dd>

Timeout (in seconds) for specific client sub-requests. This includes the time it takes for the server to process the sub-request and the time spent waiting for the next client’s request.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---max-connectionsltngt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---max-connectionsltngt "")--max-connections=&lt;n&gt;</dt><dd>

Maximum number of concurrent clients, defaults to 32. Set it to zero for no limit.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---syslog'>[](%2305#git-daemon---syslog "")--syslog</dt><dd>

Short for`--log-destination=syslog`.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---log-destinationltdestinationgt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---log-destinationltdestinationgt "")--log-destination=&lt;destination&gt;</dt><dd>

Send log messages to the specified destination. Note that this option does not imply --verbose, thus by default only error conditions will be logged. The &lt;destination&gt; must be one of:

<dl><dt id='git-daemon-stderr'>[](%2305#git-daemon-stderr "")stderr</dt><dd>

Write to standard error. Note that if`--detach`is specified, the process disconnects from the real standard error, making this destination effectively equivalent to`none`.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon-syslog'>[](%2305#git-daemon-syslog "")syslog</dt><dd>

Write to syslog, using the`git-daemon`identifier.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon-none'>[](%2305#git-daemon-none "")none</dt><dd>

Disable all logging.

</dd></dl>




The default destination is`syslog`if`--inetd`or`--detach`is specified, otherwise`stderr`.


</dd><dt id='git-daemon---user-path'>[](%2305#git-daemon---user-path "")--user-path</dt><dt id='git-daemon---user-pathltpathgt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---user-pathltpathgt "")--user-path=&lt;path&gt;</dt><dd>

Allow ~user notation to be used in requests. When specified with no parameter, requests to git://host/~alice/foo is taken as a request to access<em>foo</em>repository in the home directory of user`alice`. If`--user-path=path`is specified, the same request is taken as a request to access`path/foo`repository in the home directory of user`alice`.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---verbose'>[](%2305#git-daemon---verbose "")--verbose</dt><dd>

Log details about the incoming connections and requested files.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---reuseaddr'>[](%2305#git-daemon---reuseaddr "")--reuseaddr</dt><dd>

Use SO_REUSEADDR when binding the listening socket. This allows the server to restart without waiting for old connections to time out.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---detach'>[](%2305#git-daemon---detach "")--detach</dt><dd>

Detach from the shell. Implies --syslog.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---pid-fileltfilegt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---pid-fileltfilegt "")--pid-file=&lt;file&gt;</dt><dd>

Save the process id in<em>file</em>. Ignored when the daemon is run under`--inetd`.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---userltusergt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---userltusergt "")--user=&lt;user&gt;</dt><dt id='git-daemon---groupltgroupgt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---groupltgroupgt "")--group=&lt;group&gt;</dt><dd>

Change daemon’s uid and gid before entering the service loop. When only`--user`is given without`--group`, the primary group ID for the user is used. The values of the option are given to`getpwnam(3)`and`getgrnam(3)`and numeric IDs are not supported.



Giving these options is an error when used with`--inetd`; use the facility of inet daemon to achieve the same before spawning<em>git daemon</em>if needed.




Like many programs that switch user id, the daemon does not reset environment variables such as`$HOME`when it runs git programs, e.g.`upload-pack`and`receive-pack`. When using this option, you may also want to set and export`HOME`to point at the home directory of`<user>`before starting the daemon, and make sure any Git configuration files in that directory are readable by`<user>`.


</dd><dt id='git-daemon---enableltservicegt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---enableltservicegt "")--enable=&lt;service&gt;</dt><dt id='git-daemon---disableltservicegt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---disableltservicegt "")--disable=&lt;service&gt;</dt><dd>

Enable/disable the service site-wide per default. Note that a service disabled site-wide can still be enabled per repository if it is marked overridable and the repository enables the service with a configuration item.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---allow-overrideltservicegt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---allow-overrideltservicegt "")--allow-override=&lt;service&gt;</dt><dt id='git-daemon---forbid-overrideltservicegt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---forbid-overrideltservicegt "")--forbid-override=&lt;service&gt;</dt><dd>

Allow/forbid overriding the site-wide default with per repository configuration. By default, all the services may be overridden.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---no-informative-errors'>[](%2305#git-daemon---no-informative-errors "")--[no-]informative-errors</dt><dd>

When informative errors are turned on, git-daemon will report more verbose errors to the client, differentiating conditions like &quot;no such repository&quot; from &quot;repository not exported&quot;. This is more convenient for clients, but may leak information about the existence of unexported repositories. When informative errors are not enabled, all errors report &quot;access denied&quot; to the client. The default is --no-informative-errors.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon---access-hookltpathgt'>[](%2305#git-daemon---access-hookltpathgt "")--access-hook=&lt;path&gt;</dt><dd>

Every time a client connects, first run an external command specified by the &lt;path&gt; with service name (e.g. &quot;upload-pack&quot;), path to the repository, hostname (%H), canonical hostname (%CH), IP address (%IP), and TCP port (%P) as its command-line arguments. The external command can decide to decline the service by exiting with a non-zero status (or to allow it by exiting with a zero status). It can also look at the $REMOTE_ADDR and`$REMOTE_PORT`environment variables to learn about the requestor when making this decision.



The external command can optionally write a single line to its standard output to be sent to the requestor as an error message when it declines the service.


</dd><dt id='git-daemon-ltdirectorygt'>[](%2305#git-daemon-ltdirectorygt "")&lt;directory&gt;</dt><dd>

A directory to add to the whitelist of allowed directories. Unless --strict-paths is specified this will also include subdirectories of each named directory.

</dd></dl>



## [](%2305#_services "")SERVICES<a name="_services"></a>


These services can be globally enabled/disabled using the command-line options of this command. If finer-grained control is desired (e.g. to allow<em>git archive</em>to be run against only in a few selected repositories the daemon serves), the per-repository configuration file can be used to enable or disable them.


<dl><dt id='git-daemon-upload-pack'>[](%2305#git-daemon-upload-pack "")upload-pack</dt><dd>

This serves<em>git fetch-pack</em>and<em>git ls-remote</em>clients. It is enabled by default, but a repository can disable it by setting`daemon.uploadpack`configuration item to`false`.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon-upload-archive'>[](%2305#git-daemon-upload-archive "")upload-archive</dt><dd>

This serves<em>git archive --remote</em>. It is disabled by default, but a repository can enable it by setting`daemon.uploadarch`configuration item to`true`.

</dd><dt id='git-daemon-receive-pack'>[](%2305#git-daemon-receive-pack "")receive-pack</dt><dd>

This serves<em>git send-pack</em>clients, allowing anonymous push. It is disabled by default, as there is<em>no</em>authentication in the protocol (in other words, anybody can push anything into the repository, including removal of refs). This is solely meant for a closed LAN setting where everybody is friendly. This service can be enabled by setting`daemon.receivepack`configuration item to`true`.

</dd></dl>



## [](%2305#_examples "")EXAMPLES<a name="_examples"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-daemon-Weassumethefollowinginetcservices'>[](%2305#git-daemon-Weassumethefollowinginetcservices "")We assume the following in /etc/services</dt><dd>
```
$ grep 9418 /etc/services
git		9418/tcp		# Git Version Control System
```


</dd><dt id='git-daemon-emgitdaemonemasinetdserver'>[](%2305#git-daemon-emgitdaemonemasinetdserver "")<em>git daemon</em>as inetd server</dt><dd>

To set up<em>git daemon</em>as an inetd service that handles any repository under the whitelisted set of directories, /pub/foo and /pub/bar, place an entry like the following into /etc/inetd all on one line:


```
	git stream tcp nowait nobody  /usr/bin/git
		git daemon --inetd --verbose --export-all
		/pub/foo /pub/bar
```


</dd><dt id='git-daemon-emgitdaemonemasinetdserverforvirtualhosts'>[](%2305#git-daemon-emgitdaemonemasinetdserverforvirtualhosts "")<em>git daemon</em>as inetd server for virtual hosts</dt><dd>

To set up<em>git daemon</em>as an inetd service that handles repositories for different virtual hosts,`www.example.com`and`www.example.org`, place an entry like the following into`/etc/inetd`all on one line:


```
	git stream tcp nowait nobody /usr/bin/git
		git daemon --inetd --verbose --export-all
		--interpolated-path=/pub/%H%D
		/pub/www.example.org/software
		/pub/www.example.com/software
		/software
```




In this example, the root-level directory`/pub`will contain a subdirectory for each virtual host name supported. Further, both hosts advertise repositories simply as`git://www.example.com/software/repo.git`. For pre-1.4.0 clients, a symlink from`/software`into the appropriate default repository could be made as well.


</dd><dt id='git-daemon-emgitdaemonemasregulardaemonforvirtualhosts'>[](%2305#git-daemon-emgitdaemonemasregulardaemonforvirtualhosts "")<em>git daemon</em>as regular daemon for virtual hosts</dt><dd>

To set up<em>git daemon</em>as a regular, non-inetd service that handles repositories for multiple virtual hosts based on their IP addresses, start the daemon like this:


```
	git daemon --verbose --export-all
		--interpolated-path=/pub/%IP/%D
		/pub/192.168.1.200/software
		/pub/10.10.220.23/software
```




In this example, the root-level directory`/pub`will contain a subdirectory for each virtual host IP address supported. Repositories can still be accessed by hostname though, assuming they correspond to these IP addresses.


</dd><dt id='git-daemon-selectivelyenabledisableservicesperrepository'>[](%2305#git-daemon-selectivelyenabledisableservicesperrepository "")selectively enable/disable services per repository</dt><dd>

To enable<em>git archive --remote</em>and disable<em>git fetch</em>against a repository, have the following in the configuration file in the repository (that is the file<em>config</em>next to`HEAD`,<em>refs</em>and<em>objects</em>).


```
	[daemon]
		uploadpack = false
		uploadarch = true
```


</dd></dl>



## [](%2305#_environment "")ENVIRONMENT<a name="_environment"></a>


<em>git daemon</em>will set REMOTE_ADDR to the IP address of the client that connected to it, if the IP address is available. REMOTE_ADDR will be available in the environment of hooks called when services are performed.





## [](%2305#_git "")GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





