---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-update-ref
---


## [](%2323#_name "")NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-update-ref - Update the object name stored in a ref safely





## [](%2323#_synopsis "")SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git update-ref [-m <reason>] (-d <ref> [<oldvalue>] | [--no-deref] [--create-reflog] <ref> <newvalue> [<oldvalue>] | --stdin [-z])
```




## [](%2323#_description "")DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


Given two arguments, stores the &lt;newvalue&gt; in the &lt;ref&gt;, possibly dereferencing the symbolic refs. E.g.`git update-ref HEAD <newvalue>`updates the current branch head to the new object.




Given three arguments, stores the &lt;newvalue&gt; in the &lt;ref&gt;, possibly dereferencing the symbolic refs, after verifying that the current value of the &lt;ref&gt; matches &lt;oldvalue&gt;. E.g.`git update-ref refs/heads/master <newvalue> <oldvalue>`updates the master branch head to &lt;newvalue&gt; only if its current value is &lt;oldvalue&gt;. You can specify 40 &quot;0&quot; or an empty string as &lt;oldvalue&gt; to make sure that the ref you are creating does not exist.




It also allows a &quot;ref&quot; file to be a symbolic pointer to another ref file by starting with the four-byte header sequence of &quot;ref:&quot;.




More importantly, it allows the update of a ref file to follow these symbolic pointers, whether they are symlinks or these &quot;regular file symbolic refs&quot;. It follows**real**symlinks only if they start with &quot;refs/&quot;: otherwise it will just try to read them and update them as a regular file (i.e. it will allow the filesystem to follow them, but will overwrite such a symlink to somewhere else with a regular filename).




If --no-deref is given, &lt;ref&gt; itself is overwritten, rather than the result of following the symbolic pointers.




In general, using



```
git update-ref HEAD "$head"
```




should be a<em>lot</em>safer than doing



```
echo "$head" > "$GIT_DIR/HEAD"
```




both from a symlink following standpoint**and**an error checking standpoint. The &quot;refs/&quot; rule for symlinks means that symlinks that point to &quot;outside&quot; the tree are safe: they’ll be followed for reading but not for writing (so we’ll never write through a ref symlink to some other tree, if you have copied a whole archive by creating a symlink tree).




With`-d`flag, it deletes the named &lt;ref&gt; after verifying it still contains &lt;oldvalue&gt;.




With`--stdin`, update-ref reads instructions from standard input and performs all modifications together. Specify commands of the form:



```
update SP <ref> SP <newvalue> [SP <oldvalue>] LF
create SP <ref> SP <newvalue> LF
delete SP <ref> [SP <oldvalue>] LF
verify SP <ref> [SP <oldvalue>] LF
option SP <opt> LF
```




With`--create-reflog`, update-ref will create a reflog for each ref even if one would not ordinarily be created.




Quote fields containing whitespace as if they were strings in C source code; i.e., surrounded by double-quotes and with backslash escapes. Use 40 &quot;0&quot; characters or the empty string to specify a zero value. To specify a missing value, omit the value and its preceding SP entirely.




Alternatively, use`-z`to specify in NUL-terminated format, without quoting:



```
update SP <ref> NUL <newvalue> NUL [<oldvalue>] NUL
create SP <ref> NUL <newvalue> NUL
delete SP <ref> NUL [<oldvalue>] NUL
verify SP <ref> NUL [<oldvalue>] NUL
option SP <opt> NUL
```




In this format, use 40 &quot;0&quot; to specify a zero value, and use the empty string to specify a missing value.




In either format, values can be specified in any form that Git recognizes as an object name. Commands in any other format or a repeated &lt;ref&gt; produce an error. Command meanings are:


<dl><dt id='git-update-ref-update'>[](%2323#git-update-ref-update "")update</dt><dd>

Set &lt;ref&gt; to &lt;newvalue&gt; after verifying &lt;oldvalue&gt;, if given. Specify a zero &lt;newvalue&gt; to ensure the ref does not exist after the update and/or a zero &lt;oldvalue&gt; to make sure the ref does not exist before the update.

</dd><dt id='git-update-ref-create'>[](%2323#git-update-ref-create "")create</dt><dd>

Create &lt;ref&gt; with &lt;newvalue&gt; after verifying it does not exist. The given &lt;newvalue&gt; may not be zero.

</dd><dt id='git-update-ref-delete'>[](%2323#git-update-ref-delete "")delete</dt><dd>

Delete &lt;ref&gt; after verifying it exists with &lt;oldvalue&gt;, if given. If given, &lt;oldvalue&gt; may not be zero.

</dd><dt id='git-update-ref-verify'>[](%2323#git-update-ref-verify "")verify</dt><dd>

Verify &lt;ref&gt; against &lt;oldvalue&gt; but do not change it. If &lt;oldvalue&gt; zero or missing, the ref must not exist.

</dd><dt id='git-update-ref-option'>[](%2323#git-update-ref-option "")option</dt><dd>

Modify behavior of the next command naming a &lt;ref&gt;. The only valid option is`no-deref`to avoid dereferencing a symbolic ref.

</dd></dl>


If all &lt;ref&gt;s can be locked with matching &lt;oldvalue&gt;s simultaneously, all modifications are performed. Otherwise, no modifications are performed. Note that while each individual &lt;ref&gt; is updated or deleted atomically, a concurrent reader may still see a subset of the modifications.





## [](%2323#_logging_updates "")LOGGING UPDATES<a name="_logging_updates"></a>


If config parameter &quot;core.logAllRefUpdates&quot; is true and the ref is one under &quot;refs/heads/&quot;, &quot;refs/remotes/&quot;, &quot;refs/notes/&quot;, or the symbolic ref HEAD; or the file &quot;$GIT_DIR/logs/&lt;ref&gt;&quot; exists then`git update-ref`will append a line to the log file &quot;$GIT_DIR/logs/&lt;ref&gt;&quot; (dereferencing all symbolic refs before creating the log name) describing the change in ref value. Log lines are formatted as:



1. oldsha1 SP newsha1 SP committer LF



Where &quot;oldsha1&quot; is the 40 character hexadecimal value previously stored in &lt;ref&gt;, &quot;newsha1&quot; is the 40 character hexadecimal value of &lt;newvalue&gt; and &quot;committer&quot; is the committer’s name, email address and date in the standard Git committer ident format.



Optionally with -m:



1. oldsha1 SP newsha1 SP committer TAB message LF



Where all fields are as described above and &quot;message&quot; is the value supplied to the -m option.



An update will fail (without changing &lt;ref&gt;) if the current user is unable to create a new log file, append to the existing log file or does not have committer information available.





## [](%2323#_git "")GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





