---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WebAssembly/Table
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]44978 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]44258 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WebAssembly.Table()**`constructor creates a new`Table`object of the given size and element type.



This is a JavaScript wrapper object — an array-like structure representing a WebAssembly Table, which stores function references. A table created by JavaScript or in WebAssembly code will be accessible and mutable from both JavaScript and WebAssembly.



**Note**: Tables can currently only store function references, but this will likely be expanded in the future.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var myTable = new WebAssembly.Table(tableDescriptor);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>*tableDescriptor*</dt><dd>An object that can contain the following members:<dl><dt id=''>*element*</dt><dd>A string representing the type of value to be stored in the table. At the moment this can only have a value of`"anyfunc"`(functions).</dd><dt id=''>*initial*</dt><dd>The initial number of elements of the WebAssembly Table.</dd><dt id=''>*maximumOptional*</dt><dd>The maximum number of elements the WebAssembly Table is allowed to grow to.</dd></dl></dd></dl>
### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>

* If`tableDescriptor`is not of type object, a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")is thrown.
* If`maximum`is specified and is smaller than`initial`, a[`RangeError`]40842 "The RangeError object indicates an error when a value is not in the set or range of allowed values.")is thrown.

## `Table`instances<a name="Table_instances"></a>


All`Table`instances inherit from the`Table()`constructor&#39;s[prototype object]44276 "")— this can be modified to affect all`Table`instances.


### Instance properties<a name="Instance_properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`Table.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>Returns the function that created this object&#39;s instance. By default this is the[`WebAssembly.Table()`]44258 "The WebAssembly.Table() constructor creates a new Table object of the given size and element type.")constructor.</dd><dt id=''>[`Table.prototype.length`]44257 "The length prototype property of the WebAssembly.Table object returns the length of the table, i.e. the number of elements in the table.")</dt><dd>Returns the length of the table, i.e. the number of elements.</dd></dl>
### Instance methods<a name="Instance_methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Table.prototype.get()`]44979 "The get() prototype method of the WebAssembly.Table() object retrieves a function reference stored at a given index.")</dt><dd>Accessor function — gets the element stored at a given index.</dd><dt id=''>[`Table.prototype.grow()`]44980 "The grow() prototype method of the WebAssembly.Table object increases the size of the Table instance by a specified number of elements.")</dt><dd>Increases the size of the Table instance by a specified number of elements.</dd><dt id=''>[`Table.prototype.set()`]44981 "The set() prototype method of the WebAssembly.Table object mutates a reference stored at a given index to a different value.")</dt><dd>Sets an element stored at a given index to a given value.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following example (see table2.html[source code]44982 "")and[live version]44983 "")) creates a new WebAssembly Table instance with an initial size of 2 elements. We then print out the table length and contents of the two indexes (retrieved via[`Table.prototype.get()`]44979 "The get() prototype method of the WebAssembly.Table() object retrieves a function reference stored at a given index.")to show that the length is two and both elements are[`null`]6598 "The value null represents the intentional absence of any object value. It is one of JavaScript's primitive values.").


```
var tbl = new WebAssembly.Table({initial:2, element:"anyfunc"});
console.log(tbl.length);  // "2"
console.log(tbl.get(0));  // "null"
console.log(tbl.get(1));  // "null"
```


We then create an import object that contains the table:


```
var importObj = {
  js: {
    tbl:tbl
  }
};
```


Finally, we load and instantiate a wasm module (table2.wasm) using the[`WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming()`]44974 "The WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming() function compiles and instantiates a WebAssembly module directly from a streamed underlying source. This is the most efficient, optimized way to load wasm code.")method. The table2.wasm module contains two functions (one that returns 42 and another that returns 83) and stores both into elements 0 and 1 of the imported table (see[text representation]44984 "")). So after instantiation, the table still has length 2, but the elements now contain callable[Exported WebAssembly Functions]42786 "")which we can call from JS.


```
WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming(fetch('table2.wasm'), importObject)
.then(function(obj) {
  console.log(tbl.length);
  console.log(tbl.get(0)());
  console.log(tbl.get(1)());
});
```


Note how you&#39;ve got to include a second function invocation operator at the end of the accessor to actually invoke the referenced function and log the value stored inside it (e.g.`get(0)()`rather than`get(0)`) .



This example shows that we&#39;re creating and accessing the table from JavaScript, but the same table is visible and callable inside the wasm instance too.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[WebAssembly JavaScript Interface<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Table&#39; in that specification.</small>]44985 "") | Working Draft | Initial draft definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 
[`get`]44986 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 
[`grow`]44987 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 
[`length`]44988 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 
[`prototype`]44989 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 
[`set`]44990 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebAssembly]21620 "")overview page
* [WebAssembly concepts]42803 "")
* [Using the WebAssembly JavaScript API]42804 "")



