---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WebAssembly/CompileError
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]44992 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]44976 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WebAssembly.CompileError()**`constructor creates a new WebAssembly`CompileError`object, which indicates an error during WebAssembly decoding or validation.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
new WebAssembly.CompileError(message, fileName, lineNumber)
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`message`Optional</dt><dd>Human-readable description of the error.</dd><dt id=''>`fileName`Optional<i></i></dt><dd>The name of the file containing the code that caused the exception.</dd><dt id=''>`lineNumber`Optional<i></i></dt><dd>The line number of the code that caused the exception.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


*The`CompileError`constructor contains no unique properties of its own, however, it does inherit some properties through the prototype chain.*

<dl><dt id=''>`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>Specifies the function that created an instance&#39;s prototype.</dd><dt id=''>[`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.message`]41994 "The message property is a human-readable description of the error.")</dt><dd>Error message. Although ECMA-262 specifies that[`URIError`]40863 "The URIError object represents an error when a global URI handling function was used in a wrong way.")should provide its own`message`property, in[SpiderMonkey]42011 ""), it inherits[`Error.prototype.message`]41994 "The message property is a human-readable description of the error.").</dd><dt id=''>[`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.name`]41995 "The name property represents a name for the type of error. The initial value is "Error".")</dt><dd>Error name. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.fileName`]41998 "The fileName property contains the path to the file that raised this error.")</dt><dd>Path to file that raised this error. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.lineNumber`]41999 "The lineNumber property contains the line number in the file that raised this error.")</dt><dd>Line number in file that raised this error. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.columnNumber`]42000 "The columnNumber property contains the column number in the line of the file that raised this error.")</dt><dd>Column number in line that raised this error. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.stack`]42001 "The non-standard stack property of Error objects offer a trace of which functions were called, in what order, from which line and file, and with what arguments. The stack string proceeds from the most recent calls to earlier ones, leading back to the original global scope call.")</dt><dd>Stack trace. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


*The`CompileError`constructor contains no methods of its own, however, it does inherit some methods through the prototype chain.*

<dl><dt id=''>[`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.toSource()`]42002 "The toSource() method returns code that could eval to the same error.")</dt><dd>Returns code that could eval to the same error. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd><dt id=''>[`WebAssembly.CompileError.prototype.toString()`]42003 "The toString() method returns a string representing the specified Error object.")</dt><dd>Returns a string representing the specified`Error`object.. Inherited from[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.").</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following snippet creates a new`CompileError`instance, and logs its details to the console:


```
try {
  throw new WebAssembly.CompileError('Hello', 'someFile', 10);
} catch (e) {
  console.log(e instanceof CompileError); // true
  console.log(e.message);                 // "Hello"
  console.log(e.name);                    // "CompileError"
  console.log(e.fileName);                // "someFile"
  console.log(e.lineNumber);              // 10
  console.log(e.columnNumber);            // 0
  console.log(e.stack);                   // returns the location where the code was run
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[WebAssembly JavaScript Interface<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WebAssembly constructors&#39; in that specification.</small>]44993 "") | Working Draft | Initial WebAssembly draft definition. 
[ECMAScript Latest Draft (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;NativeError&#39; in that specification.</small>]44994 "") | Draft | Definition of standard NativeError types. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebAssembly]21620 "")overview page
* [WebAssembly concepts]42803 "")
* [Using the WebAssembly JavaScript API]42804 "")
<dl></dl>


