---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WebAssembly/Instance
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]44956 "")。






**这是一个实验中的功能**<br></br>此功能某些浏览器尚在开发中，请参考[浏览器兼容性表格](%41666#Browser_compatibility "")以得到在不同浏览器中适合使用的前缀。由于该功能对应的标准文档可能被重新修订，所以在未来版本的浏览器中该功能的语法和行为可能随之改变。





A**`WebAssembly.Instance`**object is a stateful, executable instance of a[WebAssembly.Module]42784 "").`Instance`objects contain all the[Exported WebAssembly functions]42786 "")that allow calling into WebAssembly code from JavaScript.



**`WebAssembly.Instance实例对象是有状态，可执行的`**[WebAssembly.Module]42784 "")实例。实例中包含了所有可以被 JavaScript调用的WebAssembly 代码导出的函数。



The`WebAssembly.Instance()`constructor function can be called to synchronously instantiate a given[`WebAssembly.Module`]41665 "所有 Module 实例继承自 Module() 构造函数的原型对象 —— 修改它会影响所有 Module 实例。")object. However, the primary way to get an`Instance`is through the asynchronous[`WebAssembly.instantiate()`]42779 "WebAssembly.instantiate() 是编译和实例化 WebAssembly 代码的主要方法.  这个方法有两个重载方式:")function.


## Constructor Syntax<a name="Constructor_Syntax"></a>


**Important**: Since instantiation for large modules can be expensive, developers should only use the`Instance()`constructor when synchronous instantiation is absolutely required; the asynchronous[`WebAssembly.instantiate()`]42779 "WebAssembly.instantiate() 是编译和实例化 WebAssembly 代码的主要方法.  这个方法有两个重载方式:")method should be used at all other times.



```
var myInstance = new WebAssembly.Instance(module, importObject);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>*module*</dt><dd>The[`WebAssembly.Module`]42784 "The Module() constructor of the WebAssembly global object creates a new Module object instance.")object to be instantiated.</dd><dt id=''>*importObject*可选</dt><dd>An object containing the values to be imported into the newly-created`Instance`, such as functions or[`WebAssembly.Memory`]44237 "The Memory() constructor of the WebAssembly global object creates a new Memory object instance, which represents a WebAssembly memory. These can be thought of as resizeable array buffers, wrappers around WebAssembly memories.")objects. There must be one matching property for each declared import of`module`or else a[WebAssembly.LinkError]44958 "")is thrown.</dd></dl>
## `Instance`instances<a name="Instance_instances"></a>


All`Instance`instances inherit from the`Instance()`constructor&#39;s[prototype object]44289 "")— this can be modified to affect all`Instance`instances.


### Instance properties<a name="Instance_properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`Instance.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>Returns the function that created this object&#39;s instance. By default this is the[`WebAssembly.Instance()`]42785 "A WebAssembly.Instance object is a stateful, executable instance of a WebAssembly.Module.  Instance objects contain all the Exported WebAssembly functions that allow calling into WebAssembly code from JavaScript.")constructor.</dd><dt id=''>`[Instance.prototype.exports]44244 "")`Read only</dt><dd>Returns an object containing as its members all the functions exported from the WebAssembly module instance, to allow them to be accessed and used by JavaScript.</dd></dl>
### Instance methods<a name="Instance_methods"></a>


None.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[WebAssembly JavaScript API<br></br><small>Instance</small>]44959 "") | Draft | Initial draft definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 57 | 15<sup>[2]</sup> | [52]4033 "Released on 2017-03-07.")(52)<sup>[1]</sup> | 未实现 | 44 | 11 






[1] WebAssembly is enabled in Firefox 52+, although disabled in the[Firefox 52 Extended Support Release]4702 "")(ESR.)



[2] Currently supported behind the “Experimental JavaScript Features” flag. See[this blog post]44960 "")for more details.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebAssembly]21620 "")overview page
* [WebAssembly concepts]42803 "")
* [Using the WebAssembly JavaScript API]42804 "")



