---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DocumentTouch/createTouch
---





**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table]26346 "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.



## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The**`Document.createTouch()`**method creates and returns a new[`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")object.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var touch = DocumentTouch.createTouch(view, target, identifier, pageX, pageY,
                                      screenX, screenY);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
**Note:**All parameters are optional.
<dl><dt id=''>`view`</dt><dd>The[`window`]13757 "The window object represents a window containing a DOM document; the document property points to the DOM document loaded in that window.")in which the touch occurred.</dd><dt id=''>`target`</dt><dd>The[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them.")for the touch.</dd><dt id=''>`identifier`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.identifier`]25990 "The Touch.identifier returns a value uniquely identifying this point of contact with the touch surface. This value remains consistent for every event involving this finger's (or stylus's) movement on the surface until it is lifted off the surface.").</dd><dt id=''>`pageX`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.pageX`]25991 "The Touch.pageX read-only property returns the X coordinate of the touch point relative to the viewport, including any scroll offset.").</dd><dt id=''>`pageY`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.pageY`]25992 "The Touch.pageY read-only property returns the Y coordinate of the touch point relative to the viewport, including any scroll offset.").</dd><dt id=''>`screenX`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.screenX`]25993 "Returns the X coordinate of the touch point relative to the screen, not including any scroll offset.").</dd><dt id=''>`screenY`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.screenY`]25994 "Returns the Y coordinate of the touch point relative to the screen, not including any scroll offset.").</dd></dl>**Note:**Previous versions of this method included the following additional parameters but those parameters are not included in either of the standards listed below. Consequently, these parameters should be considered deprecated and not used.
<dl><dt id=''>`clientX`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.clientX`]25995 "The Touch.clientX read-only property returns the X coordinate of the touch point relative to the viewport, not including any scroll offset.").</dd><dt id=''>`clientY`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.clientY`]25996 "The Touch.clientY read-only property returns the Y coordinate of the touch point relative to the browser's viewport, not including any scroll offset.").</dd><dt id=''>`radiusX`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.radiusX`]25997 "Returns the X radius of the ellipse that most closely circumscribes the area of contact with the touch surface. The value is in CSS pixels of the same scale as Touch.screenX.").</dd><dt id=''>`radiusY`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.radiusY`]25998 "Returns the Y radius of the ellipse that most closely circumscribes the area of contact with the touch surface. The value is in CSS pixels of the same scale as Touch.screenX.").</dd><dt id=''>`rotationAngle`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.rotationAngle`]25999 "Returns the rotation angle, in degrees, of the contact area ellipse defined by Touch.radiusX and Touch.radiusY. The value may be between 0 and 90. Together, these three values describe an ellipse that approximates the size and shape of the area of contact between the user and the screen. This may be a relatively large ellipse representing the contact between a fingertip and the screen or a small area representing the tip of a stylus, for example.").</dd><dt id=''>`force`</dt><dd>The value for[`Touch.force`]26000 "The Touch.force read-only property returns the amount of pressure the user is applying to the touch surface for a Touch point.").</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`touch`</dt><dd>A[`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")object configured as described by the input parameters.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example illustrates using the[`Document.createTouch()`]25987 "This method creates and returns a new Touch object.")method to create[`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")objects.



In following code snippet, two[`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")objects are created for the`target`element.


```
var target = document.getElementById("target");

var touch1 = Document.createTouch(window, target, 1, 15, 20, 35, 40);
var touch2 = Document.createTouch(window, target, 2, 25, 30, 45, 50);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Touch Events – Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Document.createTouch()&#39; in that specification.</small>]26001 "") | Draft | Deprecates this method. 
[Touch Events<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Document.createTouch()&#39; in that specification.</small>]26002 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>22 — 66 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>18 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>22 — 66 | <abbr>No support</abbr>22 — 66 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Touch events]9677 "")
* [`TouchList`]26003 "The TouchList interface represents a list of contact points with a touch surface; for example, if the user has three fingers on the touch surface (such as a screen or trackpad), the corresponding TouchList object would have one Touch object for each finger, for a total of three entries.")
* [`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")
* [`Document.createTouchList()`]26004 "This method creates and returns a new TouchList object.")



## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [API]22815 "")
* [Deprecated]26347 "")
* [DOM]22837 "")
* [Method]22861 "")
* [Mobile]26348 "")
* [Reference]22199 "")
* [touch]26349 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[Tigt]25876 ""),[fscholz]22202 ""),[jpmedley]22826 ""),[erikadoyle]22912 ""),[AFBarstow]26350 ""),[teoli]22366 ""),[MHasan]25811 ""),[kscarfone]22505 ""),[nairakhil13]26351 ""),[kohei.yoshino]26352 ""),[Sheppy]22371 "")
**Last updated by:**[Tigt]25876 ""),<time>Jul 2, 2018, 8:58:15 PM</time>


