---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DocumentTouch/createTouchList
---





**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table]26353 "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.




**Note:**As ofGecko 25.0, this method has been renamed to[`Document.createTouchList`]26004 "This method creates and returns a new TouchList object.").



## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


This method creates and returns a new[`TouchList`]26003 "The TouchList interface represents a list of contact points with a touch surface; for example, if the user has three fingers on the touch surface (such as a screen or trackpad), the corresponding TouchList object would have one Touch object for each finger, for a total of three entries.")object.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var list = DocumentTouch.createTouchList([touch1 [, touch2 [, ...]]]);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`touches`</dt><dd>Zero or more[`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")objects.**Note:**Firefox also accepts an[array]26007 "en/JavaScript/Reference/Global Objects/Array")of[`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")objects.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_Value"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`list`</dt><dd>A[`TouchList`]26003 "The TouchList interface represents a list of contact points with a touch surface; for example, if the user has three fingers on the touch surface (such as a screen or trackpad), the corresponding TouchList object would have one Touch object for each finger, for a total of three entries.")object containing the[`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")objects specified by the`touches`parameter.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example illustrates using the[`Document.createTouchList()`]26004 "This method creates and returns a new TouchList object.")method to create[`TouchList`]26003 "The TouchList interface represents a list of contact points with a touch surface; for example, if the user has three fingers on the touch surface (such as a screen or trackpad), the corresponding TouchList object would have one Touch object for each finger, for a total of three entries.")objects.



In following code snippet, some[`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")objects are created for the`target`element and those touch points are then used to create some[`TouchList`]26003 "The TouchList interface represents a list of contact points with a touch surface; for example, if the user has three fingers on the touch surface (such as a screen or trackpad), the corresponding TouchList object would have one Touch object for each finger, for a total of three entries.")objects.


```
var target = document.getElementById("target");

// Create some touch points
var touch1 = Document.createTouch(window, target, 1, 15, 20, 35, 40);
var touch2 = Document.createTouch(window, target, 2, 25, 30, 45, 50);

// Create an empty TouchList objects
var list0 = Document.createTouchList();
  
// Create a TouchList with only one Touch object
var list1 = Document.createTouchList(touch1);

// Create a list with two Touch objects
var list2 = Document.createTouchList(touch1, touch2);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Touch Events – Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Document.createTouchList()&#39; in that specification.</small>]26001 "") | Draft | Deprecates this method. 
[Touch Events<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Document.createTouchList()&#39; in that specification.</small>]26008 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>18 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Touch events]9677 "en/DOM/Touch events")
* [`Touch`]25989 "The Touch interface represents a single contact point on a touch-sensitive device. The contact point is commonly a finger or stylus and the device may be a touchscreen or trackpad.")
* [`TouchEvent`]26009 "The TouchEvent interface represents an event sent when the state of contacts with a touch-sensitive surface changes. This surface can be a touch screen or trackpad, for example. The event can describe one or more points of contact with the screen and includes support for detecting movement, addition and removal of contact points, and so forth.")
* [`TouchList`]26003 "The TouchList interface represents a list of contact points with a touch surface; for example, if the user has three fingers on the touch surface (such as a screen or trackpad), the corresponding TouchList object would have one Touch object for each finger, for a total of three entries.")
* [`Document.createTouch()`]25987 "This method creates and returns a new Touch object.")



## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [API]22815 "")
* [Deprecated]26347 "")
* [DocumentTouch.createTouchList]26354 "")
* [DOM]22837 "")
* [Method]22861 "")
* [Mobile]26348 "")
* [touch]26349 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz]22202 ""),[jpmedley]22826 ""),[erikadoyle]22912 ""),[AFBarstow]26350 ""),[lanzkron]26355 ""),[teoli]22366 ""),[MHasan]25811 ""),[kscarfone]22505 ""),[nairakhil13]26351 ""),[kohei.yoshino]26352 ""),[Sheppy]22371 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz]22202 ""),<time>May 18, 2018, 3:23:08 AM</time>


