---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/max-inline-size
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%37599#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`max-inline-size`**[CSS]427 "CSS")property defines the horizontal or vertical maximum size of an element&#39;s block depending on its writing mode. It corresponds to the[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")or the[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")property depending on the value defined for[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."). If the writing mode is vertically oriented, the value of`max-inline-size`relates to the maximal height of the element, otherwise it relates to the maximal width of the element. It relates to[`max-block-size`]37598 "The max-block-size CSS property specifies the maximum size of an element in the direction opposite that of the writing direction as specified by writing-mode. "), which defines the other dimension of the element.


```
/* <length> values */
max-inline-size: 300px;
max-inline-size: 25em;

/* <percentage> values */
max-inline-size: 75%;

/* Keyword values */
max-inline-size: none;
max-inline-size: max-content;
max-inline-size: min-content;
max-inline-size: fit-content;
max-inline-size: fill-available;

/* Global values */
max-inline-size: inherit;
max-inline-size: initial;
max-inline-size: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `0` 
Applies to | same as[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")and[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | inline-size of containing block 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | same as[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.") 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>


The`max-inline-size`property takes the same values as the[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")properties.


### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'max-width'>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML Content<a name="HTML_Content"></a>

```
<p class="exampleText">Example text</p>
```

### CSS Content<a name="CSS_Content"></a>

```
.exampleText {
  writing-mode: vertical-rl;
  background-color: yellow;
  block-size: 100%;
  max-inline-size: 200px;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/max-inline-size$samples/Example?revision=1346267' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;max-inline-size&#39; in that specification.</small>]38690 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.4<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.1<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.2<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The mapped physical properties:[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")
* [`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.")



