---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/max-block-size
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%37598#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The`**max-block-size**`[CSS]427 "CSS")property specifies the maximum size of an element in the direction opposite that of the writing direction as specified by[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.").That is, if the writing direction is horizontal, then`max-block-size`is equivalent to[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height."); if the writing direction is vertical,`max-block-size`is the same as[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.").



The other dimension&#39;s maximum length is specified using the[`max-inline-size`]37599 "The max-inline-size CSS property defines the horizontal or vertical maximum size of an element's block depending on its writing mode. It corresponds to the max-width or the max-height property depending on the value defined for writing-mode. If the writing mode is vertically oriented, the value of max-inline-size relates to the maximal height of the element, otherwise it relates to the maximal width of the element. It relates to max-block-size, which defines the other dimension of the element.")property.



This is useful because the`max-width`is always used for horizontal sizes and`max-height`is always used for vertical sizes, and if you need to set lengths based on the size of your text content, you need to be able to do so with the writing direction in mind.



Any time you would normally use`max-height`or`max-width`, you should instead use`max-block-size`to set the maximum &quot;height&quot; of the content (even though this may not be a vertical value) and`max-inline-size`to set the maximum &quot;width&quot; of the content (although this may instead be vertical rather than horizontal). See the[Example](%28772#Example "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.")in[writing-mode]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."), which shows the different writing modes in action.


```
/* <length> values */
max-block-size: 300px;
max-block-size: 25em;

/* <percentage> values */
max-block-size: 75%;

/* Keyword values */
max-block-size: none;
max-block-size: max-content;
max-block-size: min-content;
max-block-size: fit-content;
max-block-size: fill-available;

/* Global values */
max-block-size: inherit;
max-block-size: initial;
max-block-size: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `0` 
Applies to | same as[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")and[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | block-size of containing block 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | same as[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.") 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>


The`max-block-size`property&#39;s value can be any value that&#39;s legal for the[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")properties:

<dl><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>The maximum width, expressed as a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.").</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>The maximum width, expressed as a[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")of the containing block&#39;s width.</dd></dl>
#### Keyword values<a name="Keyword_values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>The width has no maximum value.</dd><dt id=''>`max-content`<i></i></dt><dd>The intrinsic preferred width.</dd><dt id=''>`min-content`<i></i></dt><dd>The intrinsic minimum width.</dd><dt id=''>`fill-available`<i></i></dt><dd>The containing block&#39;s width minus the horizontal margin, border, and padding. (Note that some browsers implement an ancient name for this keyword,`available`.)</dd><dt id=''>`fit-content`<i></i></dt><dd>The same as`max-content.`</dd></dl>
### How writing-mode affects directionality<a name="How_writing-mode_affects_directionality"></a>


The values of`writing-mode`affect the mapping of`max-block-size`to`max-width`or`max-height`as follows:


Values of`writing-mode` | `max-block-size`is equivalent to 
 ---  |  ---  | 
`horizontal-tb`,`lr`<i></i>,`lr-tb`<i></i>,`rl`<i></i>,`rb`<i></i>,`rb-rl`<i></i> | [`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.") 
`vertical-rl`,`vertical-lr`,`sideways-rl`<i></i>,`sideways-lr`<i></i>,`tb`<i></i>,`tb-rl`<i></i> | [`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.") 



The`writing-mode`values`sideways-lr`and`sideways-rl`were removed from the CSS Writing Modes Level 3 specification late in its design process. They may be restored in Level 4.




The writing modes`lr`,`lr-tb`,`rl`,`rb`, and`rb-tl`are no longer allowed in[HTML]138 "HTML: HTML (HyperText Markup Language) is a descriptive language that specifies webpage structure.")contexts; they may only be used in[SVG]446 "SVG: Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is a 2D vector image format based on an XML syntax.")1.x contexts.



### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'max-width'>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In this example, the same text (the opening sentences from[Herman Melville&#39;s]38682 "Herman Melville's")novel*[Moby-Dick]38683 "Moby-Dick")*) is presented in both the`horizontal-tb`and`vertical-rl`writing modes.



Everything else about the two boxes is identical, including the values used for[`max-block-size`]37598 "The max-block-size CSS property specifies the maximum size of an element in the direction opposite that of the writing direction as specified by writing-mode. ").


### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>


The HTML simply establishes the two[`<div>`]24289 "The HTML Content Division element (<div>) is the generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled using CSS.")blocks that will be presented with their[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.")set using the classes`"horizontal"`or`"vertical"`. Both boxes share the`"standard"`class, which simply establishes coloring, padding, and their respective values of`max-block-size`.


```
<p>Writing mode <code>horizontal-tb</code> (the default):</p>
<div class="standard-box horizontal">
  Call me Ishmael. Some years ago—never mind how
  long precisely—having little or no money in my
  purse, and nothing particular to interest me on
  shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see
  the watery part of the world. It is a way I have of
  driving off the spleen and regulating the
  circulation.
</div>

<p>Writing mode <code>vertical-rl</code>:</p>
<div class="standard-box vertical">
  Call me Ishmael. Some years ago—never mind how
  long precisely—having little or no money in my
  purse, and nothing particular to interest me on
  shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see
  the watery part of the world. It is a way I have of
  driving off the spleen and regulating the
  circulation.
</div>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>


The CSS defines three classes. The first,`"standard-box"`, is applied to both boxes, as seen above. It provides standard styling including the minimum and maximum block sizes, font size, and so forth.



After that come the classes`"horizontal"`and`"vertical"`, which add the[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.")property to the box, with the value set to`horizontal-tb`or`vertical-rl`depending on which class is used.


```
.standard-box {
  padding: 4px;
  background-color: #abcdef;
  color: #000;
  font: 16px "Open Sans", "Helvetica", "Arial", sans-serif;
  max-block-size: 160px;
  min-block-size: 100px;
}

.horizontal {
  writing-mode: horizontal-tb;
}

.vertical {
  writing-mode: vertical-rl;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


The two boxes look like this in the end:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/max-block-size$samples/Example?revision=1350265' width='600' height='850'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;max-block-size&#39; in that specification.</small>]38684 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | No support | [41.0]4735 "Released on 2015-09-22.")(41.0)<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support | No support 





[1] Introduced in Firefox 38, but disabled by default using the preference`layout.css.vertical-text.enabled`. Starting in Firefox 41,`max-block-size`is available by default, and the preference was removed in Firefox 51 (at which point the property can no longer be disabled).


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The mapped physical properties:[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")
* Setting the other direction&#39;s maximum size:[`max-inline-size`]37599 "The max-inline-size CSS property defines the horizontal or vertical maximum size of an element's block depending on its writing mode. It corresponds to the max-width or the max-height property depending on the value defined for writing-mode. If the writing mode is vertically oriented, the value of max-inline-size relates to the maximal height of the element, otherwise it relates to the maximal width of the element. It relates to max-block-size, which defines the other dimension of the element.")
* [`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.")



