---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FileRequest/onprogress
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26907 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26908 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.



## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


This property specifies a callback function to be run repeatedly while the operation represented by a[`FileRequest`]26906 "The FileRequest interface extends the DOMRequest interface to provide some extra properties necessary for the LockedFile objects.")object is in progress.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
instanceOfFileRequest.onprogress = function;
```


Where`*instanceOfFileRequest*`is a[`FileRequest`]26906 "The FileRequest interface extends the DOMRequest interface to provide some extra properties necessary for the LockedFile objects.")object and`*function*`is the JavaScript function to execute.



Each time the function callback is called, it gets an object as its first parameter. Those objects contain two properties:

<dl><dt id=''>`loaded`</dt><dd>A number representing the current amount of bytes processed by the operation.</dd><dt id=''>`total`</dt><dd>A number representing the total amount of bytes that will be processed by the operation.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
// Assuming 'request' which is a FileRequest object

request.onprogress = function (status) {
  var progress = document.querySelector('progress');

  progress.value = status.loaded;
  progress.max   = status.total;
}
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>


Not part of any current specification.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`DOMRequest`]13865 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`LockedFile`]13863 "The LockedFile interface provides tools to deal with a given file with all the necessary locks.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 21, 2015, 11:34:27 AM</time>


