---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/page-break-before
---





The**`page-break-before`**CSS property adjusts page breaks*before*the current element.



This property applies to block elements that generate a box. It won&#39;t apply on an empty[`<div>`]24289 "The HTML Content Division element (<div>) is the generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled using CSS.")that won&#39;t generate a box.


```
/* Keyword values */
page-break-before: auto;
page-break-before: always;
page-break-before: avoid;
page-break-before: left;
page-break-before: right;
page-break-before: recto;
page-break-before: verso;

/* Global values */
page-break-before: inherit;
page-break-before: initial;
page-break-before: unset;
```


**Note:**this property is in progress of being replaced by the more generic[`break-before`]29249 "The break-before CSS property defines how page, column, or region breaks should behave before a generated box. If there is no generated box, the property is ignored."). This new property also handles column and region breaks and is syntactically compatible with`page-break-before`.



Before using`page-break-before`, check if you can use`break-before`instead. In the future`page-break-before`will be a mere alias for some values of it.



[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | block-level elements in the normal flow of the root element. User agents may also apply it to other elements like`table-row`elements. 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`visual`]30489 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB!
* [`paged`]34154 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB! 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>Initial value. Automatic page breaks (neither forced nor forbidden).</dd><dt id=''>`always`</dt><dd>Always force page breaks before the element.</dd><dt id=''>`avoid`</dt><dd>Avoid page breaks before the element.</dd><dt id=''>`left`</dt><dd>Force page breaks before the element so that the next page is formatted as a left page.</dd><dt id=''>`right`</dt><dd>Force page breaks before the element so that the next page is formatted as a right page.</dd><dt id=''>`recto`<i></i></dt><dd>If pages progress left-to-right, then this acts like`right`. If pages progress right-to-left, then this acts like`left`.</dd><dt id=''>`verso`<i></i></dt><dd>If pages progress left-to-right, then this acts like`left`. If pages progress right-to-left, then this acts like`right`.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | always | avoid | left | right
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
/* avoid page break before the div */
div.note { 
    page-break-before: avoid;
}
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;recto and verso&#39; in that specification.</small>]29221 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Adds the values`recto`and`verso`. 
[CSS Paged Media Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;page-break-before&#39; in that specification.</small>]31565 "") | Working Draft | Extends the element that this property applies to table rows and table row groups. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;page-break-before&#39; in that specification.</small>]31566 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1.2 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`page-break-after`]31567 "en/CSS/page-break-after"),[`page-break-inside`]31555 "en/CSS/page-break-inside")
* [`orphans`]31556 "de/CSS/orphans"),[`widows`]31557 "en/CSS/widows")



