---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/font-language-override
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]30129 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]30130 "")版。</bdi>






The**`font-language-override`**CSS property controls the usage of language-specific glyphs in a typeface.


```
/* Keyword value */
font-language-override: normal;

/* <string> values */
font-language-override: "ENG";  /* Use English glyphs */
font-language-override: "TRK";  /* Use Turkish glyphs */

/* Global values */
font-language-override: initial;
font-language-override: inherit;
font-language-override: unset;
```


By default, HTML&#39;s`lang`attribute tells browsers to display glyphs designed specifically for that language. For example, a lot of fonts have a special character for the digraph`fi`that merge the dot on the &quot;i&quot; with the &quot;f.&quot; However, if the language is set to Turkish the typeface will likely know not to use the merged glyph; Turkish has two versions of the &quot;i,&quot; one with a dot (`i`) and one without (`ı`), and using the ligature would incorrectly transform a dotted &quot;i&quot; into a dotless &quot;i.&quot;



The`font-language-override`property lets you override the typeface behavior for a specific language. This is useful, for example, when the typeface you&#39;re using lacks proper support for the language. For instance, if a typeface doesn&#39;t have proper rules for the Azeri language, you can force the font to use Turkish glyphs, which follow similar rules.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `normal` 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables).")and[`::first-line`]28554 "The ::first-line CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first line of a block-level element."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`font-language-override`property is specified as the keyword`normal`or a`<string>`.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>Tells the browser to use font glyphs that are appropriate for the language specified by the`lang`attribute. This is the default value.</dd><dt id=''>[`<string>`]4570 "The <string> CSS data type represents a sequence of characters. Strings are used in numerous CSS properties, such as content, font-family, and quotes.")</dt><dd>Tells the browser to use font glyphs that are appropriate for the language specified by the string. The string must match a language tag found in the[OpenType language system]30131 ""). For example, &quot;ENG&quot; is English, and &quot;KOR&quot; is Korean.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
normal | <string>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p class="para1">Default language setting.</p>
<p class="para2">This is a string with the <code>font-language-override</code> set to Danish.</p>

```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
p.para1 {
  font-language-override: normal;
}

p.para2 {
  font-language-override: "DAN";
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-language-override$samples/Example?revision=1319161' width='600' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-language-override&#39; in that specification.</small>]30132 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`font-variant`]30116 "The font-variant CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties font-variant-caps, font-variant-numeric, font-variant-alternates, font-variant-ligatures, and font-variant-east-asian. You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of font-variant, (that is, normal or small-caps), by using the font shorthand."),[`font-variant-position`]30117 "The font-variant-position CSS property controls the usage of alternate, smaller glyphs that are positioned as superscript or subscript relative to the baseline of the font (which remains unchanged). These glyphs are likely to be used in <sub> and <sup> elements."),[`font-variant-east-asian`]30118 "The font-variant-east-asian CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for East Asian scripts, like Japanese and Chinese."),[`font-variant-caps`]30119 "The font-variant-caps CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for capital letters."),[`font-variant-ligatures`]30120 "The font-variant-ligatures CSS property controls which ligatures and contextual forms are used in textual content of the elements it applies to. This leads to more harmonized forms in the resulting text."),[`font-variant-numeric`]30121 "The font-variant-numeric CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for numbers, fractions, and ordinal markers."),[`font-variant-alternates`]28550 "The font-variant-alternates CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs. These alternate glyphs may be referenced by alternative names defined in @font-feature-values."),[`font-synthesis`]30122 "The font-synthesis CSS property controls which missing typefaces, bold or italic, may be synthesized by the browser."),[`font-kerning`]30114 "The font-kerning CSS property controls the usage of the kerning information stored in a font.").



