---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/@font-feature-values
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]28542 "")。





## 概要<a name="概要"></a>


**`@font-feature-values`**[CSS]427 "CSS")[at-rule]4443 "At-rule")允许作者在[`font-variant-alternates`]27960 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")中使用通用名称中使用通用名称，用于在OpenType中以不同方式激活功能。它允许在使用几种字体时简化CSS。


```
@font-feature-values Font One { /* How to activate nice-style in Font One */
  @styleset {
    nice-style: 12;
  }
}
 
@font-feature-values Font Two { /* How to activate nice-style in Font Two */
  @styleset {
    nice-style: 4;
  }
} 

…

.nice-look { font-variant-alternates: styleset(nice-style); } /* Independent of the font */
```


The`@font-feature-values`at-rule may be used at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any[CSS conditional-group at-rule]28543 "CSS/At-rule#Conditional_Group_Rules").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Feature value blocks<a name="Feature_value_blocks"></a>
<dl><dt id=''></dt><dd>Specifies a feature name that will work with the[`swash()`]28199 "")functional notation of[`font-variant-alternates`]27960 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!"). A swash feature value definition allows only one value:`ident1: 2`is valid when`ident2: 2 4`isn&#39;t.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>Specifies a feature name that will work with the[`annotation()`]27802 "")functional notation of[`font-variant-alternates`]27960 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!"). An annotation feature value definition allows only one value:`ident1: 2`is valid when`ident2: 2 4`isn&#39;t.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>Specifies a feature name that will work with the[`ornaments()`]28096 "")functional notation of[`font-variant-alternates`]27960 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!"). An ornaments feature value definition allows only one value:`ident1: 2`is valid when`ident2: 2 4`isn&#39;t.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>Specifies a feature name that will work with the[`stylistic()`]28196 "")functional notation of[`font-variant-alternates`]27960 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!"). A stylistice feature value definition allows only one value:`ident1: 2`is valid when`ident2: 2 4`isn&#39;t.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>Specifies a feature name that will work with the[`styleset()`]28194 "")functional notation of[`font-variant-alternates`]27960 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!"). A stylset feature value definition allows and illimited amount of values:`ident1: 2 4 12 1`maps to the OpenType values`ss02`,`ss04`,`ss12`,`ss01`. Note that values higher than`99`are valid, but doesn&#39;t map to any OpenType values and are ignored.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>Specifies a feature name that will work with the[`character-variant()`]27881 "")functional notation of[`font-variant-alternates`]27960 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!"). A character-variant feature value definition allows one or two values:`ident1: 2`maps to`cv02=1`and`ident2: 2 4`maps to`cv02)4`and`ident2: 2 4 5`isn&#39;t valid.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
@font-feature-values <family-name># {
  <feature-value-block-list>
}where <family-name> = <string> | <custom-ident>+<feature-value-block-list> = <feature-value-block>+where <feature-value-block> = <feature-type> {
  <feature-value-declaration-list>
}where <feature-type> = @stylistic | @historical-forms | @styleset | @character-variant | @swash | @ornaments | @annotation<feature-value-declaration-list> = <feature-value-declaration>where <feature-value-declaration> = <custom-ident>: <integer>+;
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>@font-feature-values</small>]28544 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | ? | [34]5158 "Released on 2014-12-01.")(34) [1] | ? | ? | ? 






[1] Experimental implementation of the CSS Fonts Level 3 extensions was available since Gecko 24. It was governed by the preference`layout.css.font-features.enabled`defaulting to`true`on Nightly and Aurora only.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`font-variant-alternates`]27960 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")property that uses values that this at-rule defines.



