---
manual:HTML
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]40107 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]39768 "")版。</bdi>






`<input>`elements of type`**&quot;url&quot;**`are used to let the user enter and edit a URL. The input value is automatically validated to ensure that it&#39;s either empty or a properly-formatted URL before the form can be submitted.The[`:valid`]34532 "The :valid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents validate successfully. This allows to easily make valid fields adopt an appearance that helps the user confirm that their data is formatted properly.")and[`:invalid`]34512 "The :invalid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents fail to validate.")CSS pseudo-classes are automatically applied as appropriate to visually denote whether the current value of the field is a valid URL or not.



Browsers that don&#39;t support type`"url"`fall back to being a standard`[&quot;text&quot;]37431 "")`input.


<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/tabbed/input-url.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

**[Value](%38901#Value "")** | A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing a URL, or empty 
**Events** | `[change]8758 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/change")`and`[input]8797 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/input")` 
**Supported Common Attributes** | `[autocomplete]39950 "")`,`[list]39951 "")`,`[maxlength]39952 "")`,`[minlength]39953 "")`,`[pattern]39954 "")`,`[placeholder]35699 "")`,`[readonly]38144 "")`, and`[size]39955 "")` 
**IDL attributes** | `list`,`value`,`selectionEnd`,`selectionDirection` 
**Methods** | [`select()`]12705 "The HTMLInputElement.select() method selects all the text in a <textarea> element or an <input> element with a text field."),[`setRangeText()`]40061 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),[`setSelectionRange()`]12707 "The HTMLInputElement.setSelectionRange() method sets the start and end positions of the current text selection in an <input> element.") 


## Value<a name="Value"></a>


The[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")element&#39;s`[value]39956 "")`attribute contains a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")which is automatically validated as conforming to URL syntax. More specifically, there are three possible value formats that will pass validation:


1. An empty string (`""`) indicating that the user did not enter a value or that the value was removed.
1. A single properly-formed absolute URL. This doesn&#39;t necessarily mean the URL address exists, but it at least is formatted correctly. In simple terms, this means`"urlscheme://restofurl"`.
1. A single properly-formed relative URL.


See[Validation](%38901#Validation "")for details on how URLs are validated to ensure that they&#39;re formatted properly.


## Using URL inputs<a name="Using_URL_inputs"></a>


When you create a URL input with the proper`type`value,`"url"`, you get automatic validation that the entered text is at least in the correct form to potentially be a legitimate URL. This can help avoid cases in which the user mis-types their web site&#39;s address, or provides an invalid one.



It&#39;s important, however, to note that this is not enough to ensure that the specified text is a URL which actually exists, corresponds to the user of the site, or is acceptable in any other way. It simply ensures that the value of the field is properly formatted to be a URL.



**Note**: It&#39;s also crucial to remember that a user can tinker with your HTML behind the scenes, so your site*must not*use this validation for any security purposes. You*must*verify the URL on the server-side of any transaction in which the provided text may have any security implications of any kind.



### A simple URL input<a name="A_simple_URL_input"></a>


Currently, all browsers which implement this element implement it as a standard text input field with basic validation features. In its most basic form, a URL input can be implemented like this:


```
<input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url">
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/A_simple_URL_input?revision=1392189' width='600' height='40'></iframe>




Notice that it&#39;s considered valid when empty and when a single validly-formatted URL address is entered, but is otherwise not considered valid. By adding the`[required]38131 "")`attribute, only properly-formed URLs are allowed; the input is no longer considered valid when empty.



There is nothing magical going on here. Submitting this form would cause the following data to be sent to the server:`myURL=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.example.com`. Note how characters are escaped as necessary.


### Placeholders<a name="Placeholders"></a>


Sometimes it&#39;s helpful to offer an in-context hint as to what form the input data should take. This can be especially important if the page design doesn&#39;t offer descriptive labels for each[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user."). This is where**placeholders**come in. A placeholder is a value that demonstrates the form the`value`should take by presenting an example of a valid value, which is displayed inside the edit box when the element&#39;s`value`is`""`. Once data is entered into the box, the placeholder disappears; if the box is emptied, the placeholder reappears.



Here, we have a`"url"`input with the placeholder`"http://www.example.com"`. Note how the placeholder disappears and reappears as you manipulate the contents of the edit field.


```
<input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url"
       placeholder="http://www.example.com">
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/Placeholders?revision=1392189' width='600' height='40'></iframe>



### Controlling the input size<a name="Controlling_the_input_size"></a>


You can control not only the physical length of the input box, but also the minimum and maximum lengths allowed for the input text itself.


#### Physical input element size<a name="Physical_input_element_size"></a>


The physical size of the input box can be controlled using the`[size]39955 "")`attribute. With it, you can specify the number of characters the input box can display at a time. In this example, for instance, the URL edit box is 30 characters wide:


```
<input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url"
       size="30">
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/Physical_input_element_size?revision=1392189' width='600' height='40'></iframe>



#### Element value length<a name="Element_value_length"></a>


The`size`is separate from the length limitation on the entered URL itself. You can specify a minimum length, in characters, for the entered URL using the`[minlength]39953 "")`attribute; similarly, use`[maxlength]39952 "")`to set the maximum length of the entered URL. If`maxLength`exceeds`size`, the input box&#39;s contents will scroll as needed to show the current selection or insertion point as the content is manipulated.



The example below creates a 30-character wide URL address entry box, requiring that the contents be no shorter than 10 characters and no longer than 80 characters.


```
<input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url"
       size="30" minlength="10" maxlength="80">
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/Element_value_length?revision=1392189' width='600' height='40'></iframe>




**Note**: These attributes also affect validation; a value shorter or longer than the specified minimum/maximum lengths will be classified as invalid; in addition most browsers will simply refuse to let the user enter a value longer than the specified maximum length.



### Providing default options<a name="Providing_default_options"></a>


As always, you can provide a default value for a`"url"`input box by setting its`[value]39956 "")`attribute:


```
<input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url"
       value="http://www.example.com">
```



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/Default_value?revision=1392189' width='600' height='40'></iframe>



#### Offering suggested values<a name="Offering_suggested_values"></a>


Taking it a step farther, you can provide a list of default options from which the user can select by specifying the`[list]39951 "")`attribute. This doesn&#39;t limit the user to those options, but does allow them to select commonly-used URLs more quickly. This also offers hints to`[autocomplete]39950 "")`. The`list`attribute specifies the ID of a[`<datalist>`]12283 "The HTML <datalist> element contains a set of <option> elements that represent the values available for other controls."), which in turn contains one[`<option>`]13016 "The HTML <option> element is used to define an item contained in a <select>, an <optgroup>, or a <datalist> element. As such, <option> can represent menu items in popups and other lists of items in an HTML document.")element per suggested value; each`option`&#39;s`value`is the corresponding suggested value for the URL entry box.


```
<input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url"
       list="defaultURLs">

<datalist id="defaultURLs">
  <option value="https://developer.mozilla.org/">
  <option value="http://www.google.com/">
  <option value="http://www.microsoft.com/">
  <option value="https://www.mozilla.org/">
  <option value="http://w3.org/">
</datalist>
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/Offering_suggested_values?revision=1392189' width='600' height='40'></iframe>




With the[`<datalist>`]12283 "The HTML <datalist> element contains a set of <option> elements that represent the values available for other controls.")element and its[`<option>`]13016 "The HTML <option> element is used to define an item contained in a <select>, an <optgroup>, or a <datalist> element. As such, <option> can represent menu items in popups and other lists of items in an HTML document.")s in place, the browser will offer the specified values as potential values for the URL; this is typically presented as a popup or drop-down menu containing the suggestions. While the specific user experience may vary from one browser to another, typically clicking in the edit box presents a drop-down of the suggested URLs. Then, as the user types, the list is adjusted to show only matching values. Each typed character narrows down the list until the user makes a selection or types a custom value.


#### Using labels for suggested values<a name="Using_labels_for_suggested_values"></a>


You can opt to include the`[label]40043 "")`attribute on one or all of your`<option>`elements to provide textual labels. Some browsers may display only the labels, while others may display both the label and the URL.


```
<input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url"
       list="defaultURLs">

<datalist id="defaultURLs">
  <option value="https://developer.mozilla.org/" label="MDN Web Docs">
  <option value="http://www.google.com/" label="Google">
  <option value="http://www.microsoft.com/" label="Microsoft">
  <option value="https://www.mozilla.org/" label="Mozilla">
  <option value="http://w3.org/" label="W3C">
</datalist>
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/Using_labels_for_suggested_values?revision=1392189' width='600' height='40'></iframe>



## Validation<a name="Validation"></a>


There are two levels of content validation available for`"url"`inputs. First, there&#39;s the standard level of validation offered to all[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")s, which automatically ensures that the contents meet the requirements to be a valid URL. But there&#39;s also the option to add additional filtering to ensure that your own specialized needs are met, if you have any.



**Important**: HTML form validation is*not*a substitute for scripts that ensure that the entered data is in the proper format. It&#39;s far too easy for someone to make adjustments to the HTML that allow them to bypass the validation, or to remove it entirely. It&#39;s also possible for someone to simply bypass your HTML entirely and submit the data directly to your server. If your server-side code fails to validate the data it receives, disaster could strike when improperly-formatted data (or data which is too large, is of the wrong type, and so forth) is entered into your database.



### Basic validation<a name="Basic_validation"></a>


Browsers that support the`"url"`input type automatically provide validation to ensure that only text that matches the standard format for URLs is entered into the input box.



There are known specification issues related to international domain names and the validation of email addresses in HTML. See[W3C bug 15489]39959 "")for details.



### Making a URL required<a name="Making_a_URL_required"></a>


As mentioned earlier, to make a URL entry required before the form can be submitted (you can&#39;t leave the field blank), you just need to include the`[required]38131 "")`attribute on the input.


```
<form>
  <input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url" required>
  <button>Submit</button>
</form>
```



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/Making_a_URL_required?revision=1392189' width='600' height='40'></iframe>




Try submitting the above form with no value entered to see what happens.


### Pattern validation<a name="Pattern_validation"></a>


If you need the entered URL to be restricted further than just &quot;any string that looks like a URL,&quot; you can use the`[pattern]39954 "")`attribute to specify a[regular expression]36965 "")the value must match for the value to be valid.



For example, let&#39;s say you&#39;re building a support page for employees of Myco, Inc. which will let them contact their IT department for help if one of their pages has a problem. In our simplified form, the user needs to enter the URL of the page that has a problem, and a message describing what is wrong. But we want the URL to only successfully validate if the entered URL is in a Myco domain.



Since inputs of type`"url"`validate against both the standard URL validation*and*the specified`[pattern]39954 "")`, you can implement this easily. Let&#39;s see how:


```
<form>
  <div>
    <label for="myURL">Enter the problem website address:</label>
    <input id="myURL" name="myURL" type="url"
           required pattern=".*\.myco\..*"
           title="The URL must be in a Myco domain">
    <span class="validity"></span>
  </div>
  <div>
    <label for="myComment">What is the problem?</label>
    <input id="myComment" name="myComment" type="text"
           required>
    <span class="validity"></span>
  </div>
  <div>
    <button>Submit</button>
  </div>
</form>
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/url$samples/Pattern_validation?revision=1392189' width='700' height='150'></iframe>




First of all, the`[required]38131 "")`attribute is specified, making it mandatory that a valid email address be provided.



Second, in the`url`input we set`pattern`to`".*\.myco\..*"`. This simple regular expression requests a string that has any number of characters, followed by a dot, followed by &quot;myco&quot;, followed by a dot, followed by any number of characters. And because the browser runs both the standard URL filter*and*our custom pattern against the specified text, we wind up with a validation which says &quot;make sure this is a valid URL, and also in a Myco domain.&quot;



This isn&#39;t perfect, but it is good enough for this simple demo&#39;s requirements.



It&#39;s advisable to use the`[title]39960 "")`attribute along with`pattern`. If you do, the`title`*must*describe the pattern; it should explain what format the data should take on, rather than any other information. That&#39;s because the`title`may be displayed or spoken as part of a validation error message. For example, the browser might present the message &quot;The entered text doesn&#39;t match the required pattern.&quot; followed by your specified`title`. If your`title`is something like &quot;URL&quot;, the result would be the message &quot;The entered text doesn&#39;t match the required pattern. URL&quot;, which is not a good user experience.



That&#39;s why, instead, we specify the string &quot;The URL must be in a myco domain&quot;. By doing that, the resulting full error message might be something like &quot;The entered text doesn&#39;t match the required pattern. The URL should be in a myco domain.&quot;



**Note**: If you run into trouble while writing your validation regular expressions, and they&#39;re not working properly, check your browser&#39;s console; there may be helpful error messages there to aid you in solving the problem.



## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


There&#39;s not much else to say about`url`type inputs; check the[Pattern validation](%38901#Pattern_validation "")and[Using URL inputs](%38901#Using_URL_inputs "")sections for numerous examples.



You can also find our[pattern validation example on GitHub]40112 "")(see it[running live also]40113 "")).


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;input type=&quot;url&quot;&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]40114 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 
[HTML 5.1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;input type=&quot;url&quot;&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]40115 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Basic support]40116 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [HTML forms guide]35701 "")
* [`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")
* `[&lt;input type=&quot;tel&quot;&gt;]39766 "")`
* `[&lt;input type=&quot;email&quot;&gt;]39758 "")`



