---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17615 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17616 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<feConvolveMatrix>`]17617 "The <feConvolveMatrix> SVG filter primitive applies a matrix convolution filter effect. A convolution combines pixels in the input image with neighboring pixels to produce a resulting image. A wide variety of imaging operations can be achieved through convolutions, including blurring, edge detection, sharpening, embossing and beveling.")element.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377348' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
Name | Value | Description 
`SVG_EDGEMODE_UNKNOWN` | 0 | The type is not one of predefined types. It is invalid to attempt to define a new value of this type or to attempt to switch an existing value to this type. 
`SVG_EDGEMODE_DUPLICATE` | 1 | Corresponds to the`duplicate`value. 
`SVG_EDGEMODE_WRAP` | 2 | Corresponds to the`wrap`value. 
`SVG_EDGEMODE_NONE` | 3 | Corresponds to`none`value. 


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent interface,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface."), and also implements properties of[`SVGFilterPrimitiveStandardAttributes`]17591 "The SVGFilterPrimitiveStandardAttributes interface defines the set of DOM attributes that are common across the filter primitive interfaces.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.in1`]17618 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedString`]17441 "The SVGAnimatedString interface represents string attributes which can be animated from each SVG declaration. You need to create SVG attribute before doing anything else, everything should be declared inside this.")corresponding to the`[in]17593 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.orderX`]17619 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedInteger`]17406 "The SVGAnimatedInteger interface is used for attributes of basic type <integer> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[order]17620 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.orderY`]17621 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedInteger`]17406 "The SVGAnimatedInteger interface is used for attributes of basic type <integer> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[order]17620 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.kernelMatrix`]17622 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedNumberList`]17424 "The SVGAnimatedNumber interface is used for attributes which take a list of numbers and which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[kernelMatrix]17623 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.divisor`]17624 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedNumber`]17420 "The SVGAnimatedNumber interface is used for attributes of basic type <Number> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[divisor]17625 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.bias`]17626 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedNumber`]17420 "The SVGAnimatedNumber interface is used for attributes of basic type <Number> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[bias]17627 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.targetX`]17628 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedInteger`]17406 "The SVGAnimatedInteger interface is used for attributes of basic type <integer> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[targetX]17629 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.targetY`]17630 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedInteger`]17406 "The SVGAnimatedInteger interface is used for attributes of basic type <integer> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[targetY]17631 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.edgeMode`]17632 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[edgeMode]17633 "")`attribute of the given element. Takes one of the`SVG_EDGEMODE_*`constants defined on this interface.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.kernelUnitLengthX`]17634 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedNumber`]17420 "The SVGAnimatedNumber interface is used for attributes of basic type <Number> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[kernelUnitLength]17635 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.kernelUnitLengthY`]17636 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedNumber`]17420 "The SVGAnimatedNumber interface is used for attributes of basic type <Number> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[kernelUnitLength]17635 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement.preserveAlpha`]17637 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedBoolean`]17399 "The SVGAnimatedBoolean interface is used for attributes of type boolean which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[preserveAlpha]17638 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface does not provide any specific methods, but implements those of its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface."), and also implements methods of[`SVGFilterPrimitiveStandardAttributes`]17591 "The SVGFilterPrimitiveStandardAttributes interface defines the set of DOM attributes that are common across the filter primitive interfaces.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Filter Effects Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17639 "") | Working Draft | No change 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGFEConvolveMatrixElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17640 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<feConvolveMatrix>`]17617 "The <feConvolveMatrix> SVG filter primitive applies a matrix convolution filter effect. A convolution combines pixels in the input image with neighboring pixels to produce a resulting image. A wide variety of imaging operations can be achieved through convolutions, including blurring, edge detection, sharpening, embossing and beveling.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:04:24 AM</time>


