---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGFEMergeElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17730 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17731 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGFEMergeElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<feMerge>`]17732 "The <feMerge> SVG element allows filter effects to be applied concurrently instead of sequentially. This is achieved by other filters storing their output via the result attribute and then accessing it in a <feMergeNode> child.")element.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGFEMergeElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377363' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface not provide any specific properties, but inherits properties from its parent interface,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface."), and also implements properties of[`SVGFilterPrimitiveStandardAttributes`]17591 "The SVGFilterPrimitiveStandardAttributes interface defines the set of DOM attributes that are common across the filter primitive interfaces.").</em>


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface does not provide any specific methods, but implements those of its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface."), and also implements methods of[`SVGFilterPrimitiveStandardAttributes`]17591 "The SVGFilterPrimitiveStandardAttributes interface defines the set of DOM attributes that are common across the filter primitive interfaces.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Filter Effects Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGFEMergeElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17733 "") | Working Draft | No change 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGFEMergeElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17734 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<feMerge>`]17732 "The <feMerge> SVG element allows filter effects to be applied concurrently instead of sequentially. This is achieved by other filters storing their output via the result attribute and then accessing it in a <feMergeNode> child.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:14:29 AM</time>


