---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGFilterElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17820 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17821 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGFilterElement`**interface provides access to the properties of[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")elements, as well as methods to manipulate them.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGFilterElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377374' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.filterUnits`]17823 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")that corresponds to the`[filterUnits]17824 "")`attribute of the given[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")element. Takes one of the constants defined in[`SVGUnitTypes`]17490 "The SVGUnitTypes interface defines a commonly used set of constants used for reflecting gradientUnits, patternContentUnits and other similar attributes.").</dd><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.primitiveUnits`]17825 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")that corresponds to the`[primitiveUnits]17826 "")`attribute of the given[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")element. Takes one of the constants defined in[`SVGUnitTypes`]17490 "The SVGUnitTypes interface defines a commonly used set of constants used for reflecting gradientUnits, patternContentUnits and other similar attributes.").</dd><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.x`]17827 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")that corresponds to the`[x]17536 "")`attribute on the given[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.y`]17828 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")that corresponds to the`[y]17538 "")`attribute of the given[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.width`]17829 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")that corresponds to the`[width]17830 "")`attribute of the given[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.height`]17831 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")that corresponds to the`[height]17832 "")`attribute of the given[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.filterResX`]17833 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedInteger`]17406 "The SVGAnimatedInteger interface is used for attributes of basic type <integer> which can be animated.")that contains the X component of the`[filterRes]17834 "")`attribute of the given[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")element.</dd><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.filterResY`]17835 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedInteger`]17406 "The SVGAnimatedInteger interface is used for attributes of basic type <integer> which can be animated.")that contains the Y component of the`[filterRes]17834 "")`attribute of the given[`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")element.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`SVGFilterElement.setFilterRes()`]17836 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Sets the values of the`[filterRes]17834 "")`attribute.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Filter Effects Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGFilterElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17837 "") | Working Draft | Removed the inheritance from[`SVGLangSpace`]17493 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),[`SVGExternalResourcesRequired`]17494 "The SVGExternalResourcesRequired interface defines an interface which applies to all elements where this element or one of its descendants can reference an external resource."),[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them."), and[`SVGUnitTypes`]17490 "The SVGUnitTypes interface defines a commonly used set of constants used for reflecting gradientUnits, patternContentUnits and other similar attributes.")and removed the`setFilterRes()`function 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGFilterElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17838 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<filter>`]17822 "The <filter> SVG element serves as container for atomic filter operations. It is never rendered directly. A filter is referenced by using the filter attribute on the target SVG element or via the filter CSS property.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:21:07 AM</time>


