---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGGlyphRefElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17913 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17914 "")版。</bdi>






**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%3142#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





The**`SVGGlyphRefElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<glyphRef>`]17916 "The glyphRef element provides a single possible glyph to the referencing <altGlyph> substitution.")elements.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGGlyphRefElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377384' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.")and implements properties from[`SVGURIReference`]17508 "The SVGURIReference interface is used to reflect the href attribute and the deprecated xlink:href attribute.")and[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`SVGGlyphRefElement.glyphRef`]17917 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")corresponding to the`[glyphRef]17350 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGGlyphRefElement.format`]17918 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")corresponding to the`[format]17352 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGGlyphRefElement.x`]17919 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float corresponding to the`[x]17536 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGGlyphRefElement.y`]17920 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float corresponding to the`[y]17538 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGGlyphRefElement.dx`]17921 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float corresponding to the`[dx]17680 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGGlyphRefElement.dy`]17922 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float corresponding to the`[dy]17682 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface has no methods but inherits methods from its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.")and implements methods from[`SVGURIReference`]17508 "The SVGURIReference interface is used to reflect the href attribute and the deprecated xlink:href attribute.")and[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGGlyphRefElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17923 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<glyphRef>`]17916 "The glyphRef element provides a single possible glyph to the referencing <altGlyph> substitution.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Deprecated]3956 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:28:27 AM</time>


