---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGGradientElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17924 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17925 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGGradient`**interface is a base interface used by[`SVGLinearGradientElement`]17926 "The SVGLinearGradientElement interface corresponds to the <linearGradient> element.")and[`SVGRadialGradientElement`]17927 "The SVGRadialGradientElement interface corresponds to the <RadialGradient> element.").

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGGradientElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377385' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
Name | Value | Description 
`SVG_SPREADMETHOD_UNKNOWN` | 0 | The type is not one of predefined types. It is invalid to attempt to define a new value of this type or to attempt to switch an existing value to this type. 
`SVG_SPREADMETHOD_PAD` | 1 | Corresponds to value<em>pad</em>. 
`SVG_SPREADMETHOD_REFLECT` | 2 | Corresponds to value<em>reflect</em>. 
`SVG_SPREADMETHOD_REPEAT` | 3 | Corresponds to value<em>repeat</em>. 


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface."), and implements those of[`SVGURIReference`]17508 "The SVGURIReference interface is used to reflect the href attribute and the deprecated xlink:href attribute.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`SVGGradientElement.gradientUnits`]17928 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[gradientUnits]17929 "")`attribute on the given element. Takes one of the constants defined in[`SVGUnitTypes`]17490 "The SVGUnitTypes interface defines a commonly used set of constants used for reflecting gradientUnits, patternContentUnits and other similar attributes.").</dd><dt>[`SVGGradientElement.gradientTransform`]17930 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedTransformList`]17452 "The SVGAnimatedTransformList interface is used for attributes which take a list of numbers and which can be animated.")corresponding to attribute`[gradientTransform]17931 "")`on the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGGradientElement.spreadMethod`]17932 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")corresponding to attribute`[spreadMethod]17933 "")`on the given element. One of the spread method types defined on this interface.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface does not provide any specific methods, but implements those of its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGGradientElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17934 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Removed inheritance of[`SVGExternalResourcesRequired`]17494 "The SVGExternalResourcesRequired interface defines an interface which applies to all elements where this element or one of its descendants can reference an external resource."),[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them."), and[`SVGUnitTypes`]17490 "The SVGUnitTypes interface defines a commonly used set of constants used for reflecting gradientUnits, patternContentUnits and other similar attributes.") 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGGradientElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17935 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[pa7]17936 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:28:57 AM</time>


