---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGGraphicsElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17937 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17348 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGGraphicsElement`**interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGGraphicsElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1375641' width='600' height='120'></iframe>

**Note:**This interface was introduced in SVG 2 and replaces the[`SVGLocatable`]17938 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")and[`SVGTransformable`]17495 "Interface SVGTransformable contains properties and methods that apply to all elements which have attribute transform.")interfaces from SVG 1.1.



## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`SVGGraphicsElement.transform`]17939 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedTransformList`]17452 "The SVGAnimatedTransformList interface is used for attributes which take a list of numbers and which can be animated.")reflecting the computed value of the[`transform`]6321 "The transform CSS property lets you rotate, scale, skew, or translate a given element. This is achieved by modifying the coordinate space of the CSS visual formatting model.")property and its corresponding`[transform]17940 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits methods from its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`SVGGraphicsElement.getBBox()`]17941 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMRect`]6420 "A DOMRect represents a rectangle.")representing the computed bounding box of the current element.</dd><dt>[`SVGGraphicsElement.getCTM()`]17942 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")representing the matrix that transforms the current element&#39;s coordinate system to its SVG viewport&#39;s coordinate system.</dd><dt>[`SVGGraphicsElement.getScreenCTM()`]17943 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")representing the matrix that transforms the current element&#39;s coordinate system to the coordinate system of the SVG viewport for the SVG document fragment.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGGraphicsElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17944 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`transform` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`getBBox` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`getCTM` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`getScreenCTM` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG OM]17945 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 2:37:07 AM</time>


