---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGLength
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%17962 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%17413 "")版。</bdi>





## SVG length interface<a name="SVG_length_interface"></a>


The`SVGLength`interface correspond to the[&lt;length&gt;](%17412 "https://developer.mozilla.org/en/SVG/Content_type#Length")basic data type.



An`SVGLength`object can be designated as read only, which means that attempts to modify the object will result in an exception being thrown.


### Interface overview<a name="Interface_overview"></a>
Also implement | <em>None</em> 
Methods | * `void newValueSpecifiedUnits(in unsigned short unitType, in float valueInSpecifiedUnits)`
* `void convertToSpecifiedUnits(in unsigned short unitType)` 
Properties | * readonly unsigned short`unitType`
* float`value`
* float`valueInSpecifiedUnits`
* [`DOMString`](%3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")`valueAsString` 
Constants | * `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_UNKNOWN`= 0
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_NUMBER`= 1
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_PERCENTAGE`= 2
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_EMS`= 3
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_EXS`= 4
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_PX`= 5
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_CM`= 6
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_MM`= 7
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_IN`= 8
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_PT`= 9
* `SVG_LENGTHTYPE_PC`= 10 
Normative document | [SVG 1.1 (2nd Edition)](%17963 "http://www.w3.org/TR/SVG11/types.html#InterfaceSVGLength") 


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
<!--?xml version="1.0"?-->
 
<svg height="200" onload="start();" version="1.1" width="200" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg">
  <script type="text/javascript"><![CDATA[
function start() {
  var rect = document.getElementById("myRect");
  var val  = rect.x.baseVal;
  
  // read x in pixel and cm units
  console.log("value: " + val.value +
            ", valueInSpecifiedUnits: " + val.unitType + ": " + val.valueInSpecifiedUnits +
            ", valueAsString: " + val.valueAsString);

  // set x = 20pt and read it out in pixel and pt units
  val.newValueSpecifiedUnits(SVGLength.SVG_LENGTHTYPE_PT, 20);
  console.log("value: " + val.value +
            ", valueInSpecifiedUnits " + val.unitType + ": " + val.valueInSpecifiedUnits +
            ", valueAsString: " + val.valueAsString);

  
  // convert x = 20pt to inches and read out in pixel and inch units
  val.convertToSpecifiedUnits(SVGLength.SVG_LENGTHTYPE_IN);
  console.log("value: " + val.value +
            ", valueInSpecifiedUnits " + val.unitType + ": " + val.valueInSpecifiedUnits +
            ", valueAsString: " + val.valueAsString);
}
]]></script>
  <rect fill="green" height="1cm" id="myRect" stroke="black" stroke-width="1" width="1cm" x="1cm" y="1cm"/>
</svg>
```


Results on a desktop monitor (pixel units will be dpi dependent):


```
value: 37.7952766418457, valueInSpecifiedUnits: 6: 1, valueAsString: 1cm
value: 26.66666603088379, valueInSpecifiedUnits 9: 20, valueAsString: 20pt
value: 26.66666603088379, valueInSpecifiedUnits 8: 0.277777761220932, valueAsString: 0.277778in
```

## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
Name | Value | Description 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_UNKNOWN` | 0 | The unit type is not one of predefined unit types. It is invalid to attempt to define a new value of this type or to attempt to switch an existing value to this type. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``NUMBER` | 1 | No unit type was provided (i.e., a unitless value was specified), which indicates a value in user units. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``PERCENTAGE` | 2 | A percentage value was specified. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``EMS` | 3 | A value was specified using the em units defined in CSS2. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``EXS` | 4 | A value was specified using the ex units defined in CSS2. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``PX` | 5 | A value was specified using the px units defined in CSS2. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``CM` | 6 | A value was specified using the cm units defined in CSS2. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``MM` | 7 | A value was specified using the mm units defined in CSS2. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``IN` | 8 | A value was specified using the in units defined in CSS2. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``PT` | 9 | A value was specified using the pt units defined in CSS2. 
`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_``PC` | 10 | A value was specified using the pc units defined in CSS2. 


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
Name | Type | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`unitType` | unsigned short | The type of the value as specified by one of the SVG_LENGTHTYPE_* constants defined on this interface. 
`value` | float | The value as a floating point value, in user units. Setting this attribute will cause`valueInSpecifiedUnits`and`valueAsString`to be updated automatically to reflect this setting.



**Exceptions on setting:**a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when the length corresponds to a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 
`valueInSpecifiedUnits` | float | The value as a floating point value, in the units expressed by`unitType`. Setting this attribute will cause`value`and`valueAsString`to be updated automatically to reflect this setting.



**Exceptions on setting:**a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when the length corresponds to a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 
`valueAsString` | [`DOMString`](%3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.") | The value as a string value, in the units expressed by`unitType`. Setting this attribute will cause`value`,`valueInSpecifiedUnits`and`unitType`to be updated automatically to reflect this setting.



**Exceptions on setting:**


* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`SYNTAX_ERR`is raised if the assigned string cannot be parsed as a valid[&lt;length&gt;](%17412 "https://developer.mozilla.org/en/SVG/Content_type#Length").
* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when the length corresponds to a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
Name &amp; Arguments | Return | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`**newValueSpecifiedUnits**(in unsigned short<em>unitType</em>, in float<em>valueInSpecifiedUnits</em>)` | <em>void</em> | Reset the value as a number with an associated unitType, thereby replacing the values for all of the attributes on the object.



**Exceptions:**


* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NOT_SUPPORTED_ERR`is raised if`unitType`is`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_UNKNOWN`or not a valid unit type constant (one of the other`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_*`constants defined on this interface).
* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when the length corresponds to a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 
`**convertToSpecifiedUnits**(in unsigned short<em>unitType</em>)` | <em>void</em> | Preserve the same underlying stored value, but reset the stored unit identifier to the given`<em>unitType</em>`. Object attributes`unitType`,`valueInSpecifiedUnits`and`valueAsString`might be modified as a result of this method. For example, if the original value were &quot;<em>0.5cm</em>&quot; and the method was invoked to convert to millimeters, then the`unitType`would be changed to`SVG_LENGTHTYPE_MM`,`valueInSpecifiedUnits`would be changed to the numeric value 5 and`valueAsString`would be changed to &quot;<em>5mm</em>&quot;. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>](%3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [NeedsExample](%13047 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Référence(2)](%3892 "")
* [SVG](%457 "")
* [SVG DOM](%17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz](%60 ""),[abbycar](%15784 ""),[kscarfone](%3900 ""),[Sheppy](%405 ""),[wesj](%17138 ""),[Jeremie](%4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz](%60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:32:19 AM</time>


