---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGMaskElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17992 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17993 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGMaskElement`**interface provides access to the properties of[`<mask>`]17994 "In SVG, you can specify that any other graphics object or <g> element can be used as an alpha mask for compositing the current object into the background. A mask is defined with the <mask> element. A mask is used/referenced using the mask property.")elements, as well as methods to manipulate them.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGMaskElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1375644' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,</em><em>[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGMaskElement.maskUnits`]17995 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[maskUnits]17996 "")`attribute of the given[`<mask>`]17994 "In SVG, you can specify that any other graphics object or <g> element can be used as an alpha mask for compositing the current object into the background. A mask is defined with the <mask> element. A mask is used/referenced using the mask property.")element. Takes one of the constants defined in[`SVGUnitTypes`]17490 "The SVGUnitTypes interface defines a commonly used set of constants used for reflecting gradientUnits, patternContentUnits and other similar attributes.").</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMaskElement.maskContentUnits`]17997 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[maskContentUnits]17998 "")`attribute of the given[`<mask>`]17994 "In SVG, you can specify that any other graphics object or <g> element can be used as an alpha mask for compositing the current object into the background. A mask is defined with the <mask> element. A mask is used/referenced using the mask property.")element. Takes one of the constants defined in[`SVGUnitTypes`]17490 "The SVGUnitTypes interface defines a commonly used set of constants used for reflecting gradientUnits, patternContentUnits and other similar attributes.").</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMaskElement.x`]17999 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[x]17536 "")`attribute of the given[`<mask>`]17994 "In SVG, you can specify that any other graphics object or <g> element can be used as an alpha mask for compositing the current object into the background. A mask is defined with the <mask> element. A mask is used/referenced using the mask property.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMaskElement.y`]18000 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[y]17538 "")`attribute of the given[`<mask>`]17994 "In SVG, you can specify that any other graphics object or <g> element can be used as an alpha mask for compositing the current object into the background. A mask is defined with the <mask> element. A mask is used/referenced using the mask property.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMaskElement.width`]18001 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[width]17830 "")`attribute of the given[`<mask>`]17994 "In SVG, you can specify that any other graphics object or <g> element can be used as an alpha mask for compositing the current object into the background. A mask is defined with the <mask> element. A mask is used/referenced using the mask property.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMaskElement.height`]18002 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[height]17832 "")`attribute of the given[`<mask>`]17994 "In SVG, you can specify that any other graphics object or <g> element can be used as an alpha mask for compositing the current object into the background. A mask is defined with the <mask> element. A mask is used/referenced using the mask property.")element.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement any specific methods, but inherits methods from its parent interface,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[CSS Masking Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGMaskElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18003 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Removed the implemented interfaces[`SVGTests`]17492 "The SVGTests interface is used to reflect conditional processing attributes and is mixed into other interfaces for elements that support these attributes."),[`SVGLangSpace`]17493 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),[`SVGExternalResourcesRequired`]17494 "The SVGExternalResourcesRequired interface defines an interface which applies to all elements where this element or one of its descendants can reference an external resource."),[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them."), and[`SVGTransformable`]17495 "Interface SVGTransformable contains properties and methods that apply to all elements which have attribute transform."). 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGMaskElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18004 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`maskUnits` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`maskContentUnits` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`height` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`width` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`x` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`y` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<mask>`]17994 "In SVG, you can specify that any other graphics object or <g> element can be used as an alpha mask for compositing the current object into the background. A mask is defined with the <mask> element. A mask is used/referenced using the mask property.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 2:43:46 AM</time>


