---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGMatrix
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18005 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]6318 "")版。</bdi>






**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%3153#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





Many of SVG&#39;s graphics operations utilize 2x3 matrices of the form:


```
[a c e]
[b d f]
```


which, when expanded into a 3x3 matrix for the purposes of matrix arithmetic, become:


```
[a c e]
[b d f]
[0 0 1]
```


An**`SVGMatrix`**object can be designated as read only, which means that attempts to modify the object will result in an exception being thrown.



**Warning:**SVG 2 replaced the`SVGMatrix`interface by the more general[`DOMMatrix`]4512 "The DOMMatrix interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations.")and[`DOMMatrixReadOnly`]6022 "The DOMMatrixReadOnly interface represents 4x4 matrices, suitable for 2D and 3D operations. If this interface defines only read-only matrices, the DOMMatrix interface which inherits from it, add all the properties and the methods to allow to have modifiable matrices.")interfaces.



## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.a`]18007 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float representing the<em>a</em>component of the matrix.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.b`]18008 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float representing the<em>b</em>component of the matrix.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.c`]18009 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float representing the<em>c</em>component of the matrix.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.d`]18010 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float representing the<em>d</em>component of the matrix.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.e`]18011 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float representing the<em>e</em>component of the matrix.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.f`]18012 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A float representing the<em>f</em>component of the matrix.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.multiply()`]18013 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Performs matrix multiplication. This matrix is post-multiplied by another matrix, returning the resulting new matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.inverse()`]18014 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns the inverse matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.translate()`]18015 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies a translation transformation on the current matrix and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.scale()`]18016 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies a uniform scale transformation on the current matrix and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.scaleNonUniform()`]18017 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies a non-uniform scale transformation on the current matrix and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.rotate()`]18018 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies a rotation transformation on the current matrix and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.rotateFromVector()`]18019 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies a rotation transformation on the current matrix and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`. The rotation angle is determined by taking (+/-) atan(y/x). The direction of the vector (x, y) determines whether the positive or negative angle value is used.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.flipX()`]18020 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies the transformation [-1 0 0 1 0 0] and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.flipY()`]18021 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies the transformation [1 0 0 -1 0 0] and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.skewX()`]18022 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies a skewX transformation on the current matrix and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGMatrix.skewY()`]18023 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Post-multiplies a skewY transformation on the current matrix and returns the resulting matrix as`SVGMatrix`.</dd></dl>
## Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>


A[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with the code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when attempting updating a read-only attribute or when the object itself is read-only.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGMatrix&#39; in that specification.</small>]18024 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Deprecated]3956 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[zbjornson]6327 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[jwhitlock]6330 ""),[jhartz]18025 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Yukoba]18026 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:37:05 AM</time>


