---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGRadialGradientElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18108 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17927 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGRadialGradientElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<RadialGradient>`]18109 "The <radialGradient> SVG element lets authors define radial gradients to fill or stroke graphical elements.")element.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGRadialGradientElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377401' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,[`SVGGradientElement`]17925 "The SVGGradient interface is a base interface used by SVGLinearGradientElement and SVGRadialGradientElement.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGRadialGradientElement.cx`]18110 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[cx]17570 "")`attribute of the given[`<RadialGradient>`]18109 "The <radialGradient> SVG element lets authors define radial gradients to fill or stroke graphical elements.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRadialGradientElement.cx`]18110 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[cy]17572 "")`attribute of the given[`<RadialGradient>`]18109 "The <radialGradient> SVG element lets authors define radial gradients to fill or stroke graphical elements.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRadialGradientElement.r`]18111 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[r]18112 "")`attribute of the given[`<RadialGradient>`]18109 "The <radialGradient> SVG element lets authors define radial gradients to fill or stroke graphical elements.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRadialGradientElement.fx`]18113 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[fx]18114 "")`attribute of the given[`<RadialGradient>`]18109 "The <radialGradient> SVG element lets authors define radial gradients to fill or stroke graphical elements.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRadialGradientElement.fy`]18115 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[fy]18116 "")`attribute of the given[`<RadialGradient>`]18109 "The <radialGradient> SVG element lets authors define radial gradients to fill or stroke graphical elements.")element.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement any specific methods, but inherits methods from its parent interface,[`SVGGradientElement`]17925 "The SVGGradient interface is a base interface used by SVGLinearGradientElement and SVGRadialGradientElement.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGRadialGradientElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18117 "") | Candidate Recommendation | No change 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGRadialGradientElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18118 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[pa7]17936 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:42:10 AM</time>


