---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGRectElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18126 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18127 "")版。</bdi>






The`SVGRectElement`interface provides access to the properties of[`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")elements, as well as methods to manipulate them.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGRectElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1375652' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,</em><em>[`SVGGeometryElement`]17549 "The SVGGeometryElement interface represents SVG elements whose rendering is defined by geometry with an equivalent path, and which can be filled and stroked. This includes paths and the basic shapes.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGRectElement.x`]18129 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[x]17536 "")`attribute of the given[`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRectElement.x`]18129 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[x]17536 "")`attribute of the given[`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRectElement.y`]18130 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[y]17538 "")`attribute of the given[`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRectElement.width`]18131 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[width]17830 "")`attribute of the given[`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRectElement.height`]18132 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[height]17832 "")`attribute of the given[`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRectElement.rx`]18133 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[rx]17574 "")`attribute of the given[`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGRectElement.ry`]18134 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[ry]17576 "")`attribute of the given[`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")element.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement any specific methods,<em>but inherits methods from its parent,[`SVGGeometryElement`]17549 "The SVGGeometryElement interface represents SVG elements whose rendering is defined by geometry with an equivalent path, and which can be filled and stroked. This includes paths and the basic shapes.").</em></em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGRectElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18124 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Replaced the inheritance from[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.")[`SVGTests`]17492 "The SVGTests interface is used to reflect conditional processing attributes and is mixed into other interfaces for elements that support these attributes."),[`SVGLangSpace`]17493 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),[`SVGExternalResourcesRequired`]17494 "The SVGExternalResourcesRequired interface defines an interface which applies to all elements where this element or one of its descendants can reference an external resource."),[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them."), and[`SVGTransformable`]17495 "Interface SVGTransformable contains properties and methods that apply to all elements which have attribute transform.")by[`SVGGeometryElement`]17549 "The SVGGeometryElement interface represents SVG elements whose rendering is defined by geometry with an equivalent path, and which can be filled and stroked. This includes paths and the basic shapes.") 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGRectElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18125 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`height` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`rx` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`ry` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`width` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`x` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`y` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<rect>`]18128 "The <rect> element is a basic SVG shape that creates rectangles, defined by their corner's position, their width, and their height. The rectangles may have their corners rounded.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 2:50:58 AM</time>


