---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGSVGElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18138 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18139 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGSVGElement`**interface provides access to the properties of[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")elements, as well as methods to manipulate them. This interface contains also various miscellaneous commonly-used utility methods, such as matrix operations and the ability to control the time of redraw on visual rendering devices.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGSVGElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1375653' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,[`SVGGraphicsElement`]17348 "The SVGGraphicsElement interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group.")and also implements the ones from[`SVGZoomAndPan`]18141 "The SVGZoomAndPan interfaceis used to reflect the zoomAndPan attribute, and is mixed in to other interfaces for elements that support this attribute."),[`SVGFitToViewBox`]18077 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), and[`WindowEventHandlers`]12476 "WindowEventHandlers mixin describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like Window, or HTMLBodyElement and  HTMLFrameSetElement. Each of these interfaces can implement additional specific event handlers.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.x`]18142 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[x]17536 "")`attribute of the given[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.y`]18143 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[y]17538 "")`attribute of the given[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.width`]18144 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[width]17830 "")`attribute of the given[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.height`]18145 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[height]17832 "")`attribute of the given[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.contentScriptType`]18146 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[contentScriptType]18147 "")`attribute of the given[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.contentStyleType`]18148 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[contentStyleType]18149 "")`attribute of the given[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.viewport`]18150 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An[`SVGRect`]17437 "The SVGRect represents a rectangle. Rectangles consist of an x and y coordinate pair identifying a minimum x value, a minimum y value, and a width and height, which are constrained to be non-negative.")containing the position and size of the viewport (implicit or explicit) that corresponds to the given[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element. When the browser is actually rendering the content, then the position and size values represent the actual values when rendering. The position and size values are unitless values in the coordinate system of the parent element. If no parent element exists (i.e.,[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element represents the root of the document tree), if this SVG document is embedded as part of another document (e.g., via the HTML[`<object>`]12937 "The HTML <object> element represents an external resource, which can be treated as an image, a nested browsing context, or a resource to be handled by a plugin.")element), then the position and size are unitless values in the coordinate system of the parent document. (If the parent uses CSS or XSL layout, then unitless values represent pixel units for the current CSS or XSL viewport.)</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.pixelUnitToMillimeterX`]18151 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>A float representing the size of the pixel unit (as defined by CSS2) along the x-axis of the viewport, which represents a unit somewhere in the range of 70dpi to 120dpi, and, on systems that support this, might actually match the characteristics of the target medium. On systems where it is impossible to know the size of a pixel, a suitable default pixel size is provided.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.pixelUnitToMillimeterY`]18152 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>A float representing the size of a pixel unit along the y-axis of the viewport.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.screenPixelToMillimeterX`]18153 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>User interface (UI) events in DOM Level 2 indicate the screen positions at which the given UI event occurred. When the browser actually knows the physical size of a &quot;screen unit&quot;, this float attribute will express that information; otherwise, user agents will provide a suitable default value such as .28mm.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.screenPixelToMillimeterY`]18154 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Corresponding size of a screen pixel along the y-axis of the viewport.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.useCurrentView`]18155 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>The initial view (i.e., before magnification and panning) of the current innermost SVG document fragment can be either the &quot;standard&quot; view, i.e., based on attributes on the[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element such as`[viewBox]18156 "")`) or on a &quot;custom&quot; view (i.e., a hyperlink into a particular[`<view>`]18157 "A view is a defined way to view the image, like a zoom level or a detail view.")or other element). If the initial view is the &quot;standard&quot; view, then this attribute is`false`. If the initial view is a &quot;custom&quot; view, then this attribute is`true`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.currentView`]18158 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An[`SVGViewSpec`]18159 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")defining the initial view (i.e., before magnification and panning) of the current innermost SVG document fragment. The meaning depends on the situation: If the initial view was a &quot;standard&quot; view, then:
* the values for`[viewBox]18156 "")`,`[preserveAspectRatio]17725 "")`and`[zoomAndPan]18160 "")`within`[currentView]18161 "")`will match the values for the corresponding DOM attributes that are on`SVGSVGElement`directly
* the values for`[transform]17940 "")`and`[viewTarget]18162 "")`within`[currentView]18161 "")`will be null
If the initial view was a link into a[`<view>`]18157 "A view is a defined way to view the image, like a zoom level or a detail view.")element, then:
* the values for`[viewBox]18156 "")`,`[preserveAspectRatio]17725 "")`and`[zoomAndPan]18160 "")`within`[currentView]18161 "")`will correspond to the corresponding attributes for the given[`<view>`]18157 "A view is a defined way to view the image, like a zoom level or a detail view.")element
* the values for`[transform]17940 "")`and`[viewTarget]18162 "")`within`[currentView]18161 "")`will be null
If the initial view was a link into another element (i.e., other than a[`<view>`]18157 "A view is a defined way to view the image, like a zoom level or a detail view.")), then:
* the values for`[viewBox]18156 "")`,`[preserveAspectRatio]17725 "")`and`[zoomAndPan]18160 "")`within`[currentView]18161 "")`will match the values for the corresponding DOM attributes that are on`SVGSVGElement`directly for the closest ancestor[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element
* the values for`[transform]17940 "")`within`[currentView]18161 "")`will be null
* the`[viewTarget]18162 "")`within`[currentView]18161 "")`will represent the target of the link
If the initial view was a link into the SVG document fragment using an SVG view specification fragment identifier (i.e., #svgView(...)), then:
* the values for`[viewBox]18156 "")`,`[preserveAspectRatio]17725 "")`,`[zoomAndPan]18160 "")`,`[transform]17940 "")`and`[viewTarget]18162 "")`within`[currentView]18161 "")`will correspond to the values from the SVG view specification fragment identifier
</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.currentScale`]18163 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>On an outermost[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element, this float attribute indicates the current scale factor relative to the initial view to take into account user magnification and panning operations. DOM attributes`currentScale`and`currentTranslate`are equivalent to the 2x3 matrix`[a b c d e f] = [currentScale 0 0 currentScale currentTranslate.x currentTranslate.y]`. If &quot;magnification&quot; is enabled (i.e.,`zoomAndPan="magnify"`), then the effect is as if an extra transformation were placed at the outermost level on the SVG document fragment (i.e., outside the outermost[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element).</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.currentTranslate`]18164 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGPoint`]18091 "An SVGPoint represents a 2D or 3D point in the SVG coordinate system.")representing the translation factor that takes into account user &quot;magnification&quot; corresponding to an outermost[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element. The behavior is undefined for &lt;svg&gt; elements that are not at the outermost level.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits methods from its parent,[`SVGGraphicsElement`]17348 "The SVGGraphicsElement interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group.")and also implements the ones from[`SVGZoomAndPan`]18141 "The SVGZoomAndPan interfaceis used to reflect the zoomAndPan attribute, and is mixed in to other interfaces for elements that support this attribute."),[`SVGFitToViewBox`]18077 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), and[`WindowEventHandlers`]12476 "WindowEventHandlers mixin describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like Window, or HTMLBodyElement and  HTMLFrameSetElement. Each of these interfaces can implement additional specific event handlers.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.suspendRedraw()`]18165 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>

Takes a time-out value which indicates that redraw shall not occur until:

the corresponding unsuspendRedraw() call has been made, an unsuspendRedrawAll() call has been made, or its timer has timed out.

In environments that do not support interactivity (e.g., print media), then redraw shall not be suspended. Calls to`suspendRedraw()`and`unsuspendRedraw()`should, but need not be, made in balanced pairs.



To suspend redraw actions as a collection of SVG DOM changes occur, precede the changes to the SVG DOM with a method call similar to:


```
suspendHandleID = suspendRedraw(maxWaitMilliseconds);
```


and follow the changes with a method call similar to:


```
unsuspendRedraw(suspendHandleID);
```


Note that multiple suspendRedraw calls can be used at once and that each such method call is treated independently of the other suspendRedraw method calls.

</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.unsuspendRedraw()`]18166 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Cancels a specified`suspendRedraw()`by providing a unique suspend handle ID that was returned by a previous`suspendRedraw()`call.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.unsuspendRedrawAll()`]18167 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Cancels all currently active`suspendRedraw()`method calls. This method is most useful at the very end of a set of SVG DOM calls to ensure that all pending`suspendRedraw()`method calls have been cancelled.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.forceRedraw()`]18168 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>In rendering environments supporting interactivity, forces the user agent to immediately redraw all regions of the viewport that require updating.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.pauseAnimations()`]18169 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Suspends (i.e., pauses) all currently running animations that are defined within the SVG document fragment corresponding to this[`<svg>`]18140 "The svg element can be used to embed an SVG fragment inside the current document (for example, an HTML document). This SVG fragment has its own viewport and coordinate system.")element, causing the animation clock corresponding to this document fragment to stand still until it is unpaused.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.unpauseAnimations()`]18170 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Unsuspends (i.e., unpauses) currently running animations that are defined within the SVG document fragment, causing the animation clock to continue from the time at which it was suspended.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.animationsPaused()`]18171 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns true if this SVG document fragment is in a paused state.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.getCurrentTime()`]18172 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns the current time in seconds relative to the start time for the current SVG document fragment. If getCurrentTime is called before the document timeline has begun (for example, by script running in a[`<script>`]18173 "A SVG script element is equivalent to the script element in HTML and thus is the place for scripts (e.g., ECMAScript).")element before the document&#39;s SVGLoad event is dispatched), then 0 is returned.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.setCurrentTime()`]18174 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Adjusts the clock for this SVG document fragment, establishing a new current time. If`setCurrentTime`is called before the document timeline has begun (for example, by script running in a[`<script>`]18173 "A SVG script element is equivalent to the script element in HTML and thus is the place for scripts (e.g., ECMAScript).")element before the document&#39;s SVGLoad event is dispatched), then the value of seconds in the last invocation of the method gives the time that the document will seek to once the document timeline has begun.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.getIntersectionList()`]18175 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`NodeList`]12252 "NodeList objects are collections of nodes such as those returned by properties such as Node.childNodes and the document.querySelectorAll() method.")of graphics elements whose rendered content intersects the supplied rectangle. Each candidate graphics element is to be considered a match only if the same graphics element can be a target of pointer events as defined in`[pointer-events]18176 "")`processing.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.getEnclosureList()`]18177 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`NodeList`]12252 "NodeList objects are collections of nodes such as those returned by properties such as Node.childNodes and the document.querySelectorAll() method.")of graphics elements whose rendered content is entirely contained within the supplied rectangle. Each candidate graphics element is to be considered a match only if the same graphics element can be a target of pointer events as defined in`[pointer-events]18176 "")`processing.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.checkIntersection()`]18178 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns`true`if the rendered content of the given element intersects the supplied rectangle. Each candidate graphics element is to be considered a match only if the same graphics element can be a target of pointer events as defined in`[pointer-events]18176 "")`processing.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.checkEnclosure()`]18179 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns`true`if the rendered content of the given element is entirely contained within the supplied rectangle. Each candidate graphics element is to be considered a match only if the same graphics element can be a target of pointer events as defined in`[pointer-events]18176 "")`processing.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.deselectAll()`]18180 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Unselects any selected objects, including any selections of text strings and type-in bars.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGNumber()`]18181 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates an[`SVGNumber`]18043 "The SVGNumber interface corresponds to the <number> basic data type.")object outside of any document trees. The object is initialized to a value of zero.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGLength()`]18182 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates an[`SVGLength`]17413 "The SVGLength interface correspond to the <length> basic data type.")object outside of any document trees. The object is initialized to a value of zero user units.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGAngle()`]17368 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates an[`SVGAngle`]17364 "The SVGAngle interface is used to represent a value that can be an <angle> or <number> value. An SVGAngle reflected through the animVal attribute is always read only.")object outside of any document trees. The object is initialized to a value of zero degrees (unitless).</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGPoint()`]18183 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates an[`SVGPoint`]18091 "An SVGPoint represents a 2D or 3D point in the SVG coordinate system.")object outside of any document trees. The object is initialized to the point (0,0) in the user coordinate system.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGMatrix()`]18184 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates an[`SVGMatrix`]6318 "Many of SVG's graphics operations utilize 2x3 matrices of the form:")object outside of any document trees. The object is initialized to the identity matrix.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGRect()`]18185 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates an[`SVGRect`]17437 "The SVGRect represents a rectangle. Rectangles consist of an x and y coordinate pair identifying a minimum x value, a minimum y value, and a width and height, which are constrained to be non-negative.")object outside of any document trees. The object is initialized such that all values are set to 0 user units.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGTransform()`]18186 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates an[`SVGTransform`]18187 "SVGTransform is the interface for one of the component transformations within an SVGTransformList; thus, an SVGTransform object corresponds to a single component (e.g., scale(…) or matrix(…)) within a transform attribute.")object outside of any document trees. The object is initialized to an identity matrix transform (`SVG_TRANSFORM_MATRIX`).</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGTransformFromMatrix()`]18188 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Creates an[`SVGTransform`]18187 "SVGTransform is the interface for one of the component transformations within an SVGTransformList; thus, an SVGTransform object corresponds to a single component (e.g., scale(…) or matrix(…)) within a transform attribute.")object outside of any document trees. The object is initialized to the given matrix transform (i.e.,`SVG_TRANSFORM_MATRIX`). The values from the parameter matrix are copied, the matrix parameter is not adopted as`SVGTransform::matrix`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGSVGElement.getElementById()`]18189 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Searches this SVG document fragment (i.e., the search is restricted to a subset of the document tree) for an Element whose id is given by<em>elementId</em>. If an Element is found, that Element is returned. If no such element exists, returns null. Behavior is not defined if more than one element has this id.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGSVGElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18190 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Replaced the inheritance from[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.")by[`SVGGraphicsElement`]17348 "The SVGGraphicsElement interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group."), removed the implemented interfaces[`SVGTests`]17492 "The SVGTests interface is used to reflect conditional processing attributes and is mixed into other interfaces for elements that support these attributes."),[`SVGLangSpace`]17493 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),[`SVGExternalResourcesRequired`]17494 "The SVGExternalResourcesRequired interface defines an interface which applies to all elements where this element or one of its descendants can reference an external resource."),[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them."),[`SVGLocatable`]17938 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),[`DocumentEvent`]18191 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),[`ViewCSS`]18192 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), and[`DocumentCSS`]18193 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")and added implemented interface[`WindowEventHandlers`]12476 "WindowEventHandlers mixin describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like Window, or HTMLBodyElement and  HTMLFrameSetElement. Each of these interfaces can implement additional specific event handlers."). 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGSVGElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18194 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`animationsPaused` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`checkEnclosure` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`checkIntersection` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`contentScriptType` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 20 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`contentStyleType` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 20 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`createSVGAngle` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`createSVGLength` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`createSVGMatrix` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`createSVGNumber` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`createSVGPoint` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`createSVGRect` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`createSVGTransform` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`createSVGTransformFromMatrix` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`currentScale` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`currentTranslate` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`currentView` | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`deselectAll` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`forceRedraw`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`getCurrentTime` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`getElementById` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`getEnclosureList` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`getIntersectionList` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`height` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`pauseAnimations` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`pixelUnitToMillimeterX`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`pixelUnitToMillimeterY`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`screenPixelToMillimeterX`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`screenPixelToMillimeterY`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`setCurrentTime` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`suspendRedraw`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`unpauseAnimations` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`unsuspendRedraw`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`unsuspendRedrawAll`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`useCurrentView` | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`viewport` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`width` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`x` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`y` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<circle>`]18195 "The <circle> SVG element is an SVG basic shape, used to create circles based on a center point and a radius.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Longsonr]17479 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 ""),[HelderMagalhaes]18196 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 2:51:44 AM</time>


