---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGStylable
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18221 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17382 "")版。</bdi>





## SVG stylable interface<a name="SVG_stylable_interface"></a>


The`SVGStylable`interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have`[style]18222 "")`,`[class]18223 "")`and presentation attributes specified on them.


### Interface overview<a name="Interface_overview"></a>
Also implement | <em>None</em> 
Methods | * [`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")`getPresentationAttribute(in[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")name)` 
Properties | * readonly[`SVGAnimatedString`]17441 "The SVGAnimatedString interface represents string attributes which can be animated from each SVG declaration. You need to create SVG attribute before doing anything else, everything should be declared inside this.")`className`
* readonly[`CSSStyleDeclaration`]4486 "CSSStyleDeclaration represents a collection of CSS property-value pairs. It is used in a few APIs:")`style` 
Normative document | [SVG 1.1 (2nd Edition)]18224 "http://www.w3.org/TR/SVG11/types.html#InterfaceSVGStylable") 


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
Name | Type | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`className` | [`SVGAnimatedString`]17441 "The SVGAnimatedString interface represents string attributes which can be animated from each SVG declaration. You need to create SVG attribute before doing anything else, everything should be declared inside this.") | Corresponds to attribute`[class]18223 "")`on the given element. 
`style` | [`CSSStyleDeclaration`]4486 "CSSStyleDeclaration represents a collection of CSS property-value pairs. It is used in a few APIs:") | Corresponds to attribute`[style]18222 "")`on the given element. 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
Name &amp; Arguments | Return | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`**getPresentationAttribute**(in[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")<em>name</em>)` | [`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.") | Returns the base (i.e., static) value of a given presentation attribute as an object of type[`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property."). The returned object is live; changes to the objects represent immediate changes to the objects to which the[`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")is attached. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[trevorh]13010 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:48:45 AM</time>


