---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGSymbolElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18240 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18241 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGSymbolElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<symbol>`]18242 "The <symbol> element is used to define graphical template objects which can be instantiated by a <use> element. The use of symbol elements for graphics that are used multiple times in the same document adds structure and semantics. Documents that are rich in structure may be rendered graphically, as speech, or as Braille, and thus promote accessibility. Note that a symbol element itself is not rendered. Only instances of a symbol element (i.e., a reference to a symbol by a <use> element) are rendered.")element.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGSymbolElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377412' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement any specific properties, but inherits properties from its parent interface,[`SVGGraphicsElement`]17348 "The SVGGraphicsElement interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group."), and implements properties from[`SVGFitToViewBox`]18077 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").</em>


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement any specific methods, but inherits methods from its parent interface,[`SVGGraphicsElement`]17348 "The SVGGraphicsElement interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group."), and implements methods from[`SVGFitToViewBox`]18077 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGSymbolElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18243 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Changed the inheritance from[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.")to[`SVGGraphicsElement`]17348 "The SVGGraphicsElement interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group.")and removed the implemented interfaces[`SVGLangSpace`]17493 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),[`SVGExternalResourcesRequired`]17494 "The SVGExternalResourcesRequired interface defines an interface which applies to all elements where this element or one of its descendants can reference an external resource."), and[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them."). 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGSymbolElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18244 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")
* [SVGSymbolElement]18245 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:50:49 AM</time>


