---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGTRefElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18246 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18247 "")版。</bdi>






**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%3179#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





The**`SVGTRefElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<tref>`]18249 "The textual content for a <text> SVG element can be either character data directly embedded within the <text> element or the character data content of a referenced element, where the referencing is specified with a <tref> element.")elements.



Object-oriented access to the attributes of the[`<tref>`]18249 "The textual content for a <text> SVG element can be either character data directly embedded within the <text> element or the character data content of a referenced element, where the referencing is specified with a <tref> element.")element via the SVG DOM is not possible.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGTRefElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377413' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface has no properties but inherits properties from its parent,[``]18250 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</em>[`SVGTextPositioningElement<em></em>`]18250 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<em>and implements properties from[``]18251 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</em>[`SVGURIReference<em></em>`]18251 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<em>.</em>


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface has no methods but inherits methods from its parent,[``]18250 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</em>[`SVGTextPositioningElement<em></em>`]18250 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<em>and implements properties from[``]18251 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</em>[`SVGURIReference<em></em>`]18251 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<em>.</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGTRefElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18252 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<tref>`]18249 "The textual content for a <text> SVG element can be either character data directly embedded within the <text> element or the character data content of a referenced element, where the referencing is specified with a <tref> element.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Deprecated]3956 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:51:28 AM</time>


