---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGTextPathElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18294 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18272 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGTextPathElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<textPath>`]18295 "In addition to text drawn in a straight line, SVG also includes the ability to place text along the shape of a <path> element. To specify that a block of text is to be rendered along the shape of a <path>, include the given text within a <textPath> element which includes an href attribute with a reference to a <path> element.")element.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGTextPathElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1375657' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>

### Method types<a name="Method_types"></a>
Name | Value | Description 
`TEXTPATH_METHODTYPE_UNKNOWN` | 0 | The type is not one of predefined types. It is invalid to attempt to define a new value of this type or to attempt to switch an existing value to this type. 
`TEXTPATH_METHODTYPE_ALIGN` | 1 | Corresponds to the value`align`. 
`TEXTPATH_METHODTYPE_STRETCH` | 2 | Corresponds to the value`stretch`. 


### Spacing types<a name="Spacing_types"></a>
Name | Value | Description 
`TEXTPATH_SPACINGTYPE_UNKNOWN` | 0 | The type is not one of predefined types. It is invalid to attempt to define a new value of this type or to attempt to switch an existing value to this type. 
`TEXTPATH_SPACINGTYPE_AUTO` | 1 | Corresponds to the value`auto`. 
`TEXTPATH_SPACINGTYPE_EXACT` | 2 | Corresponds to the value`exact`. 


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent interface,[`SVGTextContentElement`]18270 "The SVGTextContentElement interface is implemented by elements that support rendering child text content. It is inherited by various text-related interfaces, such as SVGTextElement, SVGTSpanElement, SVGTRefElement, SVGAltGlyphElement and SVGTextPathElement."), and also implements properties of[`SVGURIReference`]17508 "The SVGURIReference interface is used to reflect the href attribute and the deprecated xlink:href attribute.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGTextPathElement.startOffset`]18296 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the X component of the`[startOffset]18297 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGTextPathElement.method`]18298 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[method]18299 "")`attribute of the given element. It takes one of the`TEXTPATH_METHODTYPE_*`constants defined on this interface.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGTextPathElement.spacing`]18300 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedEnumeration`]17402 "The SVGAnimatedEnumeration interface is used for attributes whose value must be a constant from a particular enumeration and which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[spacing]18301 "")`attribute of the given element. It takes one of the`TEXTPATH_SPACINGTYPE_*`constants defined on this interface.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface does not provide any specific methods, but implements those of its parent,[`SVGTextContentElement`]18270 "The SVGTextContentElement interface is implemented by elements that support rendering child text content. It is inherited by various text-related interfaces, such as SVGTextElement, SVGTSpanElement, SVGTRefElement, SVGAltGlyphElement and SVGTextPathElement."), and also implements methods of[`SVGURIReference`]17508 "The SVGURIReference interface is used to reflect the href attribute and the deprecated xlink:href attribute.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGTextPathElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18302 "") | Candidate Recommendation | No change 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGTextPathElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18303 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`method` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`spacing` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`startOffset` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<textPath>`]18295 "In addition to text drawn in a straight line, SVG also includes the ability to place text along the shape of a <path> element. To specify that a block of text is to be rendered along the shape of a <path>, include the given text within a <textPath> element which includes an href attribute with a reference to a <path> element.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 2:55:52 AM</time>


