---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGTextPositioningElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18304 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18256 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGTextPositioningElement`**interface is implemented by elements that support attributes that position individual text glyphs. It is inherited by[`SVGTextElement`]18271 "The SVGTextElement interface corresponds to the <text> elements."),[`SVGTSpanElement`]18254 "The SVGTSpanElement interface represents a <tspan> element."),[`SVGTRefElement`]18247 "The SVGTRefElement interface corresponds to the <tref> elements.")and[`SVGAltGlyphElement`]17345 "The SVGAltGlyphElement interface represents an <altglyph> element. This interface makes it possible to implement more sophisticated and particular glyph characters. For some textal representations as: ligatures (e.g. æ, ß, etc ), special-purpose fonts (e.g. musical symbols) or even alternate glyphs such as Asian text strings it is required that a different set of glyphs be used than the normal given character data.").

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGTextPositioningElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1375658' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,[`SVGTextContentElement`]18270 "The SVGTextContentElement interface is implemented by elements that support rendering child text content. It is inherited by various text-related interfaces, such as SVGTextElement, SVGTSpanElement, SVGTRefElement, SVGAltGlyphElement and SVGTextPathElement.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGTextPositioningElement.x`]18305 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLengthList`]17416 "The SVGAnimatedLengthList interface is used for attributes of type SVGLengthList which can be animated.")reflecting the`[x]17536 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGTextPositioningElement.y`]18306 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLengthList`]17416 "The SVGAnimatedLengthList interface is used for attributes of type SVGLengthList which can be animated.")reflecting the`[y]17538 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGTextPositioningElement.dx`]18307 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLengthList`]17416 "The SVGAnimatedLengthList interface is used for attributes of type SVGLengthList which can be animated.")reflecting the`[dx]17680 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGTextPositioningElement.dy`]18308 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedLengthList`]17416 "The SVGAnimatedLengthList interface is used for attributes of type SVGLengthList which can be animated.")reflecting the`[dy]17682 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGTextPositioningElement.rotate`]18309 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an[`SVGAnimatedNumberList`]17424 "The SVGAnimatedNumber interface is used for attributes which take a list of numbers and which can be animated.")reflecting the`[rotate]18310 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t provide any specific methods, but inherits methods from its parent,[`SVGTextContentElement`]18270 "The SVGTextContentElement interface is implemented by elements that support rendering child text content. It is inherited by various text-related interfaces, such as SVGTextElement, SVGTSpanElement, SVGTRefElement, SVGAltGlyphElement and SVGTextPathElement.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGGeometryElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17902 "") | Candidate Recommendation | No change 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGGeometryElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18311 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`dx` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`dy` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`rotate` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`x` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`y` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 2:56:30 AM</time>


