---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGTransform
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%18317 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%18187 "")版。</bdi>





## SVG transform interface<a name="SVG_transform_interface"></a>


`SVGTransform`is the interface for one of the component transformations within an[`SVGTransformList`](%17453 "The SVGTransformList defines a list of SVGTransform objects."); thus, an`SVGTransform`object corresponds to a single component (e.g.,`scale(…)`or`matrix(…)`) within a`[transform](%17940 "")`attribute.



An`SVGTransform`object can be designated as read only, which means that attempts to modify the object will result in an exception being thrown.


### Interface overview<a name="Interface_overview"></a>
Also implement | <em>None</em> 
Methods | * `void setMatrix(in[`SVGMatrix`](%6318 "Many of SVG's graphics operations utilize 2x3 matrices of the form:")matrix)`
* `void setTranslate(in float tx, in float ty)`
* `void setScale(in float sx, in float sy)`
* `void setRotate(in float angle, in float cx, in float cy)`
* `void setSkewX(in float angle)`
* `void setSkewY(in float angle)` 
Properties | * readonly unsigned short`type`
* readonly float`angle`
* readonly[`SVGMatrix`](%6318 "Many of SVG's graphics operations utilize 2x3 matrices of the form:")`matrix` 
Constants | * `SVG_TRANSFORM_UNKNOWN`= 0
* `SVG_TRANSFORM_MATRIX`= 1
* `SVG_TRANSFORM_TRANSLATE`= 2
* `SVG_TRANSFORM_SCALE`= 3
* `SVG_TRANSFORM_ROTATE`= 4
* `SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWX`= 5
* `SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWY`= 6 
Normative document | [SVG 1.1 (2nd Edition)](%18318 "http://www.w3.org/TR/SVG11/coords.html#InterfaceSVGTransform") 


## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
Name | Value | Description 
`SVG_TRANSFORM_UNKNOWN` | 0 | The unit type is not one of predefined unit types. It is invalid to attempt to define a new value of this type or to attempt to switch an existing value to this type. 
`SVG_TRANSFORM_MATRIX` | 1 | A`matrix(…)`transformation 
`SVG_TRANSFORM_TRANSLATE` | 2 | A`translate(…)`transformation 
`SVG_TRANSFORM_SCALE` | 3 | A`scale(…)`transformation 
`SVG_TRANSFORM_ROTATE` | 4 | A`rotate(…)`transformation 
`SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWX` | 5 | A`skewx(…)`transformation 
`SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWY` | 6 | A`skewy(…)`transformation 


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
Name | Type | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`type` | unsigned short | The type of the value as specified by one of the SVG_TRANSFORM_* constants defined on this interface. 
`angle` | float | A convenience attribute for`SVG_TRANSFORM_ROTATE`,`SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWX`and`SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWY`. It holds the angle that was specified.<br></br><br></br>For`SVG_TRANSFORM_MATRIX`,`SVG_TRANSFORM_TRANSLATE`and`SVG_TRANSFORM_SCALE`,`angle`will be zero. 
`matrix` | [`SVGMatrix`](%6318 "Many of SVG's graphics operations utilize 2x3 matrices of the form:") | The matrix that represents this transformation. The matrix object is live, meaning that any changes made to the`SVGTransform`object are immediately reflected in the matrix object and vice versa. In case the matrix object is changed directly (i.e., without using the methods on the`SVGTransform`interface itself) then the type of the`SVGTransform`changes to`SVG_TRANSFORM_MATRIX`.


* For`SVG_TRANSFORM_MATRIX`, the matrix contains the a, b, c, d, e, f values supplied by the user.
* For`SVG_TRANSFORM_TRANSLATE`, e and f represent the translation amounts (a=1, b=0, c=0 and d=1).
* For`SVG_TRANSFORM_SCALE`, a and d represent the scale amounts (b=0, c=0, e=0 and f=0).
* For`SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWX`and`SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWY`, a, b, c and d represent the matrix which will result in the given skew (e=0 and f=0).
* For`SVG_TRANSFORM_ROTATE`, a, b, c, d, e and f together represent the matrix which will result in the given rotation. When the rotation is around the center point (0, 0), e and f will be zero. 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
Name &amp; Arguments | Return | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`**setMatrix**(in[`SVGMatrix`](%6318 "Many of SVG's graphics operations utilize 2x3 matrices of the form:")<em>matrix</em>)` | <em>void</em> | Sets the transform type to`SVG_TRANSFORM_MATRIX`, with parameter matrix defining the new transformation. Note that the values from the parameter`matrix`are copied.



**Exceptions:**


* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when attempting to modify a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 
`**setTranslate**(in float<em>tx</em>, in float<em>ty</em>)` | <em>void</em> | Sets the transform type to`SVG_TRANSFORM_TRANSLATE`, with parameters`tx`and`ty`defining the translation amounts.



**Exceptions:**


* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when attempting to modify a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 
`**setScale**(in float<em>sx</em>, in float<em>sy</em>)` | <em>void</em> | Sets the transform type to`SVG_TRANSFORM_SCALE`, with parameters`sx`and`sy`defining the scale amounts.



**Exceptions:**


* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when attempting to modify a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 
`**setRotate**(in float<em>angle</em>, in float<em>cx</em>, in float<em>cy</em>)` | <em>void</em> | Sets the transform type to`SVG_TRANSFORM_ROTATE`, with parameter`angle`defining the rotation angle and parameters`cx`and`cy`defining the optional center of rotation.



**Exceptions:**


* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when attempting to modify a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 
`**setSkewX**(in float<em>angle</em>)` | <em>void</em> | Sets the transform type to`SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWX`, with parameter`angle`defining the amount of skew.



**Exceptions:**


* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when attempting to modify a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 
`**setSkewY**(in float<em>angle</em>)` | <em>void</em> | Sets the transform type to`SVG_TRANSFORM_SKEWY`, with parameter`angle`defining the amount of skew.



**Exceptions:**


* a[`DOMException`](%4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when attempting to modify a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>](%3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Référence(2)](%3892 "")
* [SVG](%457 "")
* [SVG DOM](%17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz](%60 ""),[mattwojo](%14635 ""),[trevorh](%13010 ""),[Jeremie](%4470 ""),[kscarfone](%3900 ""),[Sheppy](%405 ""),[JohnBicknell](%18319 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz](%60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:54:06 AM</time>


