---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGURIReference
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18327 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17508 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGURIReference`**interface is used to reflect the`[href]17459 "")`attribute and the deprecated`[xlink:href]18328 "")`attribute.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGURIReference$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1377420' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGURIReference.href`]18329 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedString`]17441 "The SVGAnimatedString interface represents string attributes which can be animated from each SVG declaration. You need to create SVG attribute before doing anything else, everything should be declared inside this.")that represents the value of the`[href]17459 "")`attribute, and, on elements that are defined to support it, the deprecated`[xlink:href]18328 "")`attribute. On getting`href`, an[`SVGAnimatedString`]17441 "The SVGAnimatedString interface represents string attributes which can be animated from each SVG declaration. You need to create SVG attribute before doing anything else, everything should be declared inside this.")object is returned that
* reflects the`href`attribute, and
* if the element is defined to support the deprecated`xlink:href`attribute, additionally reflects that deprecated attribute.
</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface does not provide any specific methods.</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGURIReference&#39; in that specification.</small>]18330 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Replaced the deprecated`[xlink:href]18328 "")`attribute reference by the`[href]17459 "")`attribute and made the prior only be reflected where it&#39;s defined to be supported. 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGURIReference&#39; in that specification.</small>]18331 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:56:34 AM</time>


