---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGUseElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18335 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18336 "")版。</bdi>





## SVG use DOM interface<a name="SVG_use_DOM_interface"></a>


The**`SVGUseElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<use>`]18337 "The <use> element takes nodes from within the SVG document, and duplicates them somewhere else. The effect is the same as if the nodes were deeply cloned into a non-exposed DOM, and then pasted where the use element is, much like cloned template elements in HTML5. Since the cloned nodes are not exposed, care must be taken when using CSS to style a use element and its hidden descendants. CSS attributes are not guaranteed to be inherited by the hidden, cloned DOM unless you explicitly request it using CSS inheritance.")element.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SVGUseElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1375659' width='600' height='140'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent interface,[`SVGGraphicsElement`]17348 "The SVGGraphicsElement interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group.")and implements properties from[`SVGURIReference`]17508 "The SVGURIReference interface is used to reflect the href attribute and the deprecated xlink:href attribute.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGUseElement.x`]18338 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[x]17536 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGUseElement.y`]18339 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[y]17538 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGUseElement.width`]18340 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[width]17830 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGUseElement.height`]18341 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the`[height]17832 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGUseElement.instanceRoot`]18342 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the instance root of the given element, which is a direct child of the elements shadow root. If the element does not have a shadow tree (for example, because its URI is invalid or because it has been disabled by conditional processing), then getting this attribute returns`null`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SVGUseElement.animatedInstanceRoot`]18343 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`SVGAnimatedLength`]17411 "The SVGAnimatedLength interface is used for attributes of basic type <length> which can be animated.")corresponding to the instance root of the given element, which is a direct child of the elements shadow root. If the element does not have a shadow tree (for example, because its URI is invalid or because it has been disabled by conditional processing), then getting this attribute returns`null`.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement any specific methods, but inherits methods from its parent interface,[`SVGGraphicsElement`]17348 "The SVGGraphicsElement interface represents SVG elements whose primary purpose is to directly render graphics into a group.")and implements methods from[`SVGURIReference`]17508 "The SVGURIReference interface is used to reflect the href attribute and the deprecated xlink:href attribute.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGUseElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18344 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Redefined the properties`instanceRoot`and`animatedInstanceRoot`. 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGUseElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18345 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`animatedInstanceRoot` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`height` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`instanceRoot` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`width` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`x` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`y` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<use>`]18337 "The <use> element takes nodes from within the SVG document, and duplicates them somewhere else. The effect is the same as if the nodes were deeply cloned into a non-exposed DOM, and then pasted where the use element is, much like cloned template elements in HTML5. Since the cloned nodes are not exposed, care must be taken when using CSS to style a use element and its hidden descendants. CSS attributes are not guaranteed to be inherited by the hidden, cloned DOM unless you explicitly request it using CSS inheritance.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 2:57:14 AM</time>


