---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGViewElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18351 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18352 "")版。</bdi>






The**`SVGViewElement`**interface provides access to the properties of[`<view>`]18157 "A view is a defined way to view the image, like a zoom level or a detail view.")elements, as well as methods to manipulate them.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent interface,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SVGViewElement.viewTarget`]18353 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An[`SVGStringList`]18219 "The SVGStringList defines a list of DOMString objects.")corresponding to the`[viewTarget]18162 "")`attribute of the given[`<view>`]18157 "A view is a defined way to view the image, like a zoom level or a detail view.")element. A list of[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")values which contain the names listed in the`[viewTarget]18162 "")`attribute. Each of the`DOMString`values can be associated with the corresponding element using the[`getElementById()`]18354 "The Document method getElementById() returns an Element object representing the element whose id property matches the specified string. Since element IDs are required to be unique if specified, they're a useful way to get access to a specific element quickly.")method call.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement any specific methods, but inherits methods from its parent interface,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGTitleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18315 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Removed the implemented interfaces[`SVGLangSpace`]17493 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")and[`SVGStylable`]17382 "The SVGStylable interface is implemented on all objects corresponding to SVG elements that can have style, class and presentation attributes specified on them."). 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGTitleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]18316 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`viewtarget`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<view>`]18157 "A view is a defined way to view the image, like a zoom level or a detail view.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[mattwojo]14635 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:58:14 AM</time>


