---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Screen
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章](%18359 "")。






The`Screen`interface represents a screen, usually the one on which the current window is being rendered.



Usually it is the one on which the current window is being rendered, obtained using`window.screen`.


## Properties<a name="Example"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Screen.availTop`](%18360 "浏览器窗口在屏幕上的可占用空间上边距离屏幕上边界的像素值。")</dt><dd>Specifies the y-coordinate of the first pixel that is not allocated to permanent or semipermanent user interface features.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.availLeft`](%18361 "返回浏览器可用空间左边距离屏幕（系统桌面）左边界的距离。")</dt><dd>Returns the first available pixel available from the left side of the screen.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.availHeight`](%18362 "返回浏览器窗口在屏幕上可占用的垂直空间，即最大高度。")</dt><dd>Specifies the height of the screen, in pixels, minus permanent or semipermanent user interface features displayed by the operating system, such as the Taskbar on Windows.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.availWidth`](%18363 "返回浏览器窗口可占用的水平宽度（单位：像素）。")</dt><dd>Returns the amount of horizontal space in pixels available to the window.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.colorDepth`](%18364 "返回屏幕的颜色深度（color depth）。根据CSSOM( CSS对象模型 )视图，为兼容起见，该值总为24。")</dt><dd>Returns the color depth of the screen.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.height`](%18365 "返回屏幕的高度（单位：像素）。")</dt><dd>Returns the height of the screen in pixels.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.left`](%18366 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Returns the distance in pixels from the left side of the main screen to the left side of the current screen.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.orientation`](%18367 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Returns the current orientation of the screen.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.pixelDepth`](%18368 "返回屏幕的位深度/色彩深度（bit depth）。根据CSSOM( CSS对象模型 )视图，为兼容起见，该值总为24。")</dt><dd>Gets the bit depth of the screen.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.top`](%18369 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Returns the distance in pixels from the top side of the current screen.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.width`](%18370 "返回屏幕的宽度。")</dt><dd>Returns the width of the screen.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.mozEnabled`](%18371 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Boolean. Setting to false will turn off the device&#39;s screen.</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.mozBrightness`](%18372 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Controls the brightness of a device&#39;s screen. A double between 0 and 1.0 is expected.</dd></dl>
### Events handler<a name="Events_handler"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Screen.onorientationchange`](%18373 "An event handler for the orientationchange events sent to the screen object.")</dt><dd>A handler for the`[orientationchange](%18374 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/orientationchange")`events.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Screen.lockOrientation`](%18375 "lockOrientation 此方法会把屏幕锁定为指定的方向.")</dt><dd>Lock the screen orientation (only works in fullscreen or for installed apps)</dd><dt id=''>[`Screen.unlockOrientation`](%18376 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Unlock the screen orientation (only works in fullscreen or for installed apps)</dd></dl>

Methods inherit from[`EventTarget`](%2696 "EventTarget 是一个由可以接收事件的对象实现的接口，并且可以为它们创建侦听器。")

<dl><dt id=''>[`EventTarget.addEventListener()`](%15701 "The EventTarget method addEventListener() sets up a function to be called whenever the specified event is delivered to the target.")</dt><dd>Register an event handler of a specific event type on the`EventTarget`.</dd><dt id=''>[`EventTarget.removeEventListener()`](%15702 "The EventTarget.removeEventListener() method removes from the EventTarget an event listener previously registered with EventTarget.addEventListener(). The event listener to be removed is identified using a combination of the event type, the event listener function itself, and various optional options that may affect the matching process; see Matching event listeners for removal")</dt><dd>Removes an event listener from the`EventTarget`.</dd><dt id=''>[`EventTarget.dispatchEvent()`](%15703 "Dispatches an Event at the specified EventTarget, (synchronously) invoking the affected EventListeners in the appropriate order. The normal event processing rules (including the capturing and optional bubbling phase) also apply to events dispatched manually with dispatchEvent().")</dt><dd>Dispatch an event to this`EventTarget`.</dd></dl>
### Additional methods for Mozilla chrome code<a name="Additional_methods_for_Mozilla_chrome_code"></a>


Mozilla extensions for use by JS-implemented event targets to implement on* properties. See also[WebIDL bindings](%4095 "").


* void**setEventHandler**(DOMString type, EventHandler handler)<i></i>
* EventHandler**getEventHandler**(DOMString type)<i></i>

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
if (screen.pixelDepth < 8) {
  // use low-color version of page
} else { 
  // use regular, colorful page
}
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>


CSSOM View




## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[teoli](%160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[teoli](%160 ""),<time>Feb 24, 2015, 7:06:25 PM</time>


