---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Gamepad/timestamp
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]27185 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]27186 "")版。</bdi>






The**`Gamepad.timestamp`**property of the[`Gamepad`]11649 "The Gamepad interface of the Gamepad API defines an individual gamepad or other controller, allowing access to information such as button presses, axis positions, and id.")interface returns a[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")representing the last time the data for this gamepad was updated.



The idea behind this is to allow developers to determine if the`axes`and`button`data have been updated from the hardware. The value must be relative to the`navigationStart`attribute of the`[`PerformanceTiming`]27187 "The PerformanceTiming interface contains properties that offer performance timing information for various events which occur during the loading and use of the current page. You get a PerformanceTiming object describing your page using the window.performance.timing property.")`interface. Values are monotonically increasing, meaning that they can be compared to determine the ordering of updates, as newer values will always be greater than or equal to older values.



**Note**: This property is not currently supported anywhere.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
readonly    attribute DOMHighResTimeStamp timestamp;
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
var gp = navigator.getGamepads()[0];
console.log(gp.timestamp);
```

## Value<a name="Value"></a>


A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.").


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Gamepad<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Gamepad.timestamp&#39; in that specification.</small>]27188 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


[Using the Gamepad API]11586 "")




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Gamepad API]27148 "")
* [Games]27149 "")
* [NeedsBetterSpecLink]7041 "")
* [NeedsCompatTable]6759 "")
* [NeedsMarkupWork]6810 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Aug 24, 2017, 10:24:13 AM</time>


