---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/list-style
---





The**`list-style`**CSS property is a[shorthand]28797 "")for setting the individual values that define how a list is displayed:[`list-style-type`]12757 "The list-style-type CSS property specifies the appearance of a list item element."),[`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style."), and[`list-style-position`]29826 "The list-style-position CSS property specifies the position of the ::marker relative to a list item.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/list-style.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


**Note:**This property is applied to list items, i.e., elements with`[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements."): list-item;`.[By default]34574 "")this includes[`<li>`]12761 "The HTML <li> element is used to represent an item in a list. It must be contained in a parent element: an ordered list (<ol>), an unordered list (<ul>), or a menu (<menu>). In menus and unordered lists, list items are usually displayed using bullet points. In ordered lists, they are usually displayed with an ascending counter on the left, such as a number or letter.")elements. Because this property is inherited, it can be set on a parent element (normally[`<ol>`]12759 "The HTML <ol> element represents an ordered list of items, typically rendered as a numbered list.")or[`<ul>`]13566 "The HTML <ul> element represents an unordered list of items, typically rendered as a bulleted list.")) to make the same list styling apply to all the items inside.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* type */
list-style: square;

/* image */
list-style: url('../img/shape.png');

/* position */
list-style: inside;

/* type | position */
list-style: georgian inside;

/* type | image | position */
list-style: lower-roman url('../img/shape.png') outside;

/* Keyword value */
list-style: none;

/* Global values */
list-style: inherit;
list-style: initial;
list-style: unset;
```


The`list-style`property is specified as one, two, or three keywords in any order. If[`list-style-type`]12757 "The list-style-type CSS property specifies the appearance of a list item element.")and[`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style.")are both set, then`list-style-type`is used as a fallback if the image is unavailable.


### Values<a name="Values_2"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`list-style-type`]12757 "The list-style-type CSS property specifies the appearance of a list item element.")</dt><dd>See[`list-style-type`]12757 "The list-style-type CSS property specifies the appearance of a list item element.").</dd><dt id=''>[`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style.")</dt><dd>See[`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style.").</dd><dt id=''>[`list-style-position`]29826 "The list-style-position CSS property specifies the position of the ::marker relative to a list item.")</dt><dd>See[`list-style-position`]29826 "The list-style-position CSS property specifies the position of the ::marker relative to a list item.").</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>No list style is used.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'list-style-type'> || <'list-style-position'> || <'list-style-image'>
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
List 1
<ul class="one">
  <li>List Item1</li>
  <li>List Item2</li>
  <li>List Item3</li>
</ul>
List 2
<ul class="two">
  <li>List Item A</li>
  <li>List Item B</li>
  <li>List Item C</li>
</ul>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.one {
  list-style: circle;
}

.two {
  list-style: square inside;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/list-style$samples/Examples?revision=1367975' width='auto' height='220'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


The[VoiceOver]34575 "")screen reader has an issue whereby unordered lists with a`list-style`value of`none`applied to them will not be announced as a list. To address this, add a[zero-width space]34576 "")as[pseudo-content]29555 "")before each list item to ensure the list is announced properly. This ensures the design is unaffected by the bug fix and that list items are not improperly described.


```
ul {
  list-style: none;
}

ul li::before {
  content: "\200B";
}
```

* [VoiceOver and list-style-type: none – Unfettered Thoughts]34577 "")
* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.3 explanations]34384 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 1.3.1 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]34385 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Lists Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;list-style&#39; in that specification.</small>]34578 "") | Working Draft | No change. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;list-style&#39; in that specification.</small>]30794 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`list-style-type`]12757 "The list-style-type CSS property specifies the appearance of a list item element."):`disc`
* [`list-style-position`]29826 "The list-style-position CSS property specifies the position of the ::marker relative to a list item."):`outside`
* [`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style."):`none` 
Applies to | list items 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style."):`none`or the image with its URI made absolute
* [`list-style-position`]29826 "The list-style-position CSS property specifies the position of the ::marker relative to a list item."): as specified
* [`list-style-type`]12757 "The list-style-type CSS property specifies the appearance of a list item element."): as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`symbols`]34579 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`list-style-type`]12757 "The list-style-type CSS property specifies the appearance of a list item element."),[`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style."),[`list-style-position`]29826 "The list-style-position CSS property specifies the position of the ::marker relative to a list item.")



