---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-ls-tree
---


## NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-ls-tree - List the contents of a tree object





## SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git ls-tree [-d] [-r] [-t] [-l] [-z]
	    [--name-only] [--name-status] [--full-name] [--full-tree] [--abbrev[=<n>]]
	    <tree-ish> [<path>…​]
```




## DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


Lists the contents of a given tree object, like what &quot;/bin/ls -a&quot; does in the current working directory. Note that:



* the behaviour is slightly different from that of &quot;/bin/ls&quot; in that the<em>&lt;path&gt;</em>denotes just a list of patterns to match, e.g. so specifying directory name (without`-r`) will behave differently, and order of the arguments does not matter.
* the behaviour is similar to that of &quot;/bin/ls&quot; in that the<em>&lt;path&gt;</em>is taken as relative to the current working directory. E.g. when you are in a directory<em>sub</em>that has a directory<em>dir</em>, you can run<em>git ls-tree -r HEAD dir</em>to list the contents of the tree (that is<em>sub/dir</em>in`HEAD`). You don’t want to give a tree that is not at the root level (e.g.`git ls-tree -r HEAD:sub dir`) in this case, as that would result in asking for<em>sub/sub/dir</em>in the`HEAD`commit. However, the current working directory can be ignored by passing --full-tree option.




## OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-ls-tree-lttree-ishgt'>&lt;tree-ish&gt;</dt><dd>

Id of a tree-ish.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree--d'>-d</dt><dd>

Show only the named tree entry itself, not its children.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree--r'>-r</dt><dd>

Recurse into sub-trees.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree--t'>-t</dt><dd>

Show tree entries even when going to recurse them. Has no effect if`-r`was not passed.`-d`implies`-t`.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree--l'>-l</dt><dt id='git-ls-tree---long'>--long</dt><dd>

Show object size of blob (file) entries.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree--z'>-z</dt><dd>

\0 line termination on output and do not quote filenames. See OUTPUT FORMAT below for more information.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree---name-only'>--name-only</dt><dt id='git-ls-tree---name-status'>--name-status</dt><dd>

List only filenames (instead of the &quot;long&quot; output), one per line.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree---abbrevltngt'>--abbrev[=&lt;n&gt;]</dt><dd>

Instead of showing the full 40-byte hexadecimal object lines, show only a partial prefix. Non default number of digits can be specified with --abbrev=&lt;n&gt;.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree---full-name'>--full-name</dt><dd>

Instead of showing the path names relative to the current working directory, show the full path names.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree---full-tree'>--full-tree</dt><dd>

Do not limit the listing to the current working directory. Implies --full-name.

</dd><dt id='git-ls-tree-ltpathgt82308203'>[&lt;path&gt;…​]</dt><dd>

When paths are given, show them (note that this isn’t really raw pathnames, but rather a list of patterns to match). Otherwise implicitly uses the root level of the tree as the sole path argument.

</dd></dl>



## Output Format<a name="_output_format"></a>

```
<mode> SP <type> SP <object> TAB <file>
```




This output format is compatible with what`--index-info --stdin`of<em>git update-index</em>expects.




When the`-l`option is used, format changes to



```
<mode> SP <type> SP <object> SP <object size> TAB <file>
```




Object size identified by &lt;object&gt; is given in bytes, and right-justified with minimum width of 7 characters. Object size is given only for blobs (file) entries; for other entries`-`character is used in place of size.




Without the`-z`option, pathnames with &quot;unusual&quot; characters are quoted as explained for the configuration variable`core.quotePath`(see[git-config[1]](%2249  "")). Using`-z`the filename is output verbatim and the line is terminated by a NUL byte.





## GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





