---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-check-ref-format
---


## NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-check-ref-format - Ensures that a reference name is well formed





## SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git check-ref-format [--normalize]
       [--[no-]allow-onelevel] [--refspec-pattern]
       <refname>
git check-ref-format --branch <branchname-shorthand>
```




## DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


Checks if a given<em>refname</em>is acceptable, and exits with a non-zero status if it is not.




A reference is used in Git to specify branches and tags. A branch head is stored in the`refs/heads`hierarchy, while a tag is stored in the`refs/tags`hierarchy of the ref namespace (typically in`$GIT_DIR/refs/heads`and`$GIT_DIR/refs/tags`directories or, as entries in file`$GIT_DIR/packed-refs`if refs are packed by`git gc`).




Git imposes the following rules on how references are named:



1. They can include slash`/`for hierarchical (directory) grouping, but no slash-separated component can begin with a dot`.`or end with the sequence`.lock`.
1. They must contain at least one`/`. This enforces the presence of a category like`heads/`,`tags/`etc. but the actual names are not restricted. If the`--allow-onelevel`option is used, this rule is waived.
1. They cannot have two consecutive dots`..`anywhere.
1. They cannot have ASCII control characters (i.e. bytes whose values are lower than \040, or \177`DEL`), space, tilde`~`, caret`^`, or colon`:`anywhere.
1. They cannot have question-mark`?`, asterisk`*`, or open bracket`[`anywhere. See the`--refspec-pattern`option below for an exception to this rule.
1. They cannot begin or end with a slash`/`or contain multiple consecutive slashes (see the`--normalize`option below for an exception to this rule)
1. They cannot end with a dot`.`.
1. They cannot contain a sequence`@{`.
1. They cannot be the single character`@`.
1. They cannot contain a`\`.



These rules make it easy for shell script based tools to parse reference names, pathname expansion by the shell when a reference name is used unquoted (by mistake), and also avoid ambiguities in certain reference name expressions (see[gitrevisions[7]](%2288  "")):



1. A double-dot`..`is often used as in`ref1..ref2`, and in some contexts this notation means`^ref1 ref2`(i.e. not in`ref1`and in`ref2`).
1. A tilde`~`and caret`^`are used to introduce the postfix<em>nth parent</em>and<em>peel onion</em>operation.
1. A colon`:`is used as in`srcref:dstref`to mean &quot;use srcref’s value and store it in dstref&quot; in fetch and push operations. It may also be used to select a specific object such as with &#39;git cat-file&#39;: &quot;git cat-file blob v1.3.3:refs.c&quot;.
1. at-open-brace`@{`is used as a notation to access a reflog entry.



With the`--branch`option, the command takes a name and checks if it can be used as a valid branch name (e.g. when creating a new branch). But be cautious when using the previous checkout syntax that may refer to a detached HEAD state. The rule`git check-ref-format --branch $name`implements may be stricter than what`git check-ref-format refs/heads/$name`says (e.g. a dash may appear at the beginning of a ref component, but it is explicitly forbidden at the beginning of a branch name). When run with`--branch`option in a repository, the input is first expanded for the “previous checkout syntax”`@{-n}`. For example,`@{-1}`is a way to refer the last thing that was checked out using &quot;git checkout&quot; operation. This option should be used by porcelains to accept this syntax anywhere a branch name is expected, so they can act as if you typed the branch name. As an exception note that, the “previous checkout operation” might result in a commit object name when the N-th last thing checked out was not a branch.





## OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-check-ref-format---no-allow-onelevel'>--[no-]allow-onelevel</dt><dd>

Controls whether one-level refnames are accepted (i.e., refnames that do not contain multiple`/`-separated components). The default is`--no-allow-onelevel`.

</dd><dt id='git-check-ref-format---refspec-pattern'>--refspec-pattern</dt><dd>

Interpret &lt;refname&gt; as a reference name pattern for a refspec (as used with remote repositories). If this option is enabled, &lt;refname&gt; is allowed to contain a single`*`in the refspec (e.g.,`foo/bar*/baz`or`foo/bar*baz/`but not`foo/bar*/baz*`).

</dd><dt id='git-check-ref-format---normalize'>--normalize</dt><dd>

Normalize<em>refname</em>by removing any leading slash (`/`) characters and collapsing runs of adjacent slashes between name components into a single slash. If the normalized refname is valid then print it to standard output and exit with a status of 0, otherwise exit with a non-zero status. (`--print`is a deprecated way to spell`--normalize`.)

</dd></dl>



## EXAMPLES<a name="_examples"></a>

* Print the name of the previous thing checked out:


```
$ git check-ref-format --branch @{-1}
```
* Determine the reference name to use for a new branch:


```
$ ref=$(git check-ref-format --normalize "refs/heads/$newbranch")||
{ echo "we do not like '$newbranch' as a branch name." >&2 ; exit 1 ; }
```




## GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





