---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-credential-cache
---


## NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-credential-cache - Helper to temporarily store passwords in memory





## SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git config credential.helper 'cache [<options>]'
```





## DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


This command caches credentials in memory for use by future Git programs. The stored credentials never touch the disk, and are forgotten after a configurable timeout. The cache is accessible over a Unix domain socket, restricted to the current user by filesystem permissions.




You probably don’t want to invoke this command directly; it is meant to be used as a credential helper by other parts of Git. See[gitcredentials[7]](%5820  "")or`EXAMPLES`below.





## OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-credential-cache---timeoutltsecondsgt'>--timeout &lt;seconds&gt;</dt><dd>

Number of seconds to cache credentials (default: 900).

</dd><dt id='git-credential-cache---socketltpathgt'>--socket &lt;path&gt;</dt><dd>

Use`<path>`to contact a running cache daemon (or start a new cache daemon if one is not started). Defaults to`$XDG_CACHE_HOME/git/credential/socket`unless`~/.git-credential-cache/`exists in which case`~/.git-credential-cache/socket`is used instead. If your home directory is on a network-mounted filesystem, you may need to change this to a local filesystem. You must specify an absolute path.

</dd></dl>



## CONTROLLING THE DAEMON<a name="_controlling_the_daemon"></a>


If you would like the daemon to exit early, forgetting all cached credentials before their timeout, you can issue an`exit`action:



```
git credential-cache exit
```





## EXAMPLES<a name="_examples"></a>


The point of this helper is to reduce the number of times you must type your username or password. For example:



```
$ git config credential.helper cache
$ git push http://example.com/repo.git
Username: <type your username>
Password: <type your password>

[work for 5 more minutes]
$ git push http://example.com/repo.git
[your credentials are used automatically]
```




You can provide options via the credential.helper configuration variable (this example drops the cache time to 5 minutes):



```
$ git config credential.helper 'cache --timeout=300'
```





## GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





