---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-patch-id
---


## [](%5469#_name "")NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-patch-id - Compute unique ID for a patch





## [](%5469#_synopsis "")SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git patch-id [--stable | --unstable]
```




## [](%5469#_description "")DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


Read a patch from the standard input and compute the patch ID for it.




A &quot;patch ID&quot; is nothing but a sum of SHA-1 of the file diffs associated with a patch, with whitespace and line numbers ignored. As such, it’s &quot;reasonably stable&quot;, but at the same time also reasonably unique, i.e., two patches that have the same &quot;patch ID&quot; are almost guaranteed to be the same thing.




IOW, you can use this thing to look for likely duplicate commits.




When dealing with<em>git diff-tree</em>output, it takes advantage of the fact that the patch is prefixed with the object name of the commit, and outputs two 40-byte hexadecimal strings. The first string is the patch ID, and the second string is the commit ID. This can be used to make a mapping from patch ID to commit ID.





## [](%5469#_options "")OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-patch-id---stable'>[](%5469#git-patch-id---stable "")--stable</dt><dd>

Use a &quot;stable&quot; sum of hashes as the patch ID. With this option:


* Reordering file diffs that make up a patch does not affect the ID. In particular, two patches produced by comparing the same two trees with two different settings for &quot;-O&lt;orderfile&gt;&quot; result in the same patch ID signature, thereby allowing the computed result to be used as a key to index some meta-information about the change between the two trees;
* Result is different from the value produced by git 1.9 and older or produced when an &quot;unstable&quot; hash (see --unstable below) is configured - even when used on a diff output taken without any use of &quot;-O&lt;orderfile&gt;&quot;, thereby making existing databases storing such &quot;unstable&quot; or historical patch-ids unusable.


```
This is the default if patchid.stable is set to true.
```

</dd><dt id='git-patch-id---unstable'>[](%5469#git-patch-id---unstable "")--unstable</dt><dd>

Use an &quot;unstable&quot; hash as the patch ID. With this option, the result produced is compatible with the patch-id value produced by git 1.9 and older. Users with pre-existing databases storing patch-ids produced by git 1.9 and older (who do not deal with reordered patches) may want to use this option.


```
This is the default.
```


</dd></dl>



## [](%5469#_git "")GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





