---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerRegistration/installing
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26781 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14345 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%10722#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`installing`**property of the[`ServiceWorkerRegistration`]26783 "The ServiceWorkerRegistration interface of the ServiceWorker API represents the service worker registration. You register a service worker to control one or more pages that share the same origin.")interface returns a service worker whose[`ServiceWorker.state`]26784 "The state read-only property of the ServiceWorker interface returns a string representing the current state of the service worker. It can be one of the following values: installing, installed, activating, activated, or redundant.")is`installing`. This property is initially set to`null`.



**Note**: This feature is available in[Web Workers]4334 "").



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
sw = ServiceWorker.installing 

```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A[`ServiceWorker`]4351 "The ServiceWorker interface of the ServiceWorker API provides a reference to a service worker. Multiple browsing contexts (e.g. pages, workers, etc.) can be associated with the same service worker, each through a unique ServiceWorker object.")object, if it is currently in an`installing`state.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ServiceWorkerRegistration.installing&#39; in that specification.</small>]26785 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>27 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>27 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using Service Workers]4703 "")
* [Service workers basic code example]4704 "")
* [Is ServiceWorker ready?]4705 "")
* [`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")
* [Using web workers]4706 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Installing]26786 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Service Workers]4709 "")
* [ServiceWorkerRegistration]18561 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Mar 2, 2018, 6:26:54 AM</time>


