---
manual:HTML
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/HTML/Element/rb
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]40448 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]35128 "")版。</bdi>






The**HTML Ruby Base (`<rb>`) element**is used to delimit the base text component of a[`<ruby>`]34486 "The HTML <ruby> element represents a ruby annotation. Ruby annotations are for showing pronunciation of East Asian characters.")annotation, i.e. the text that is being annotated.One`<rb>`element should wrap each separate atomic segment of the base text.


[Content categories]39019 "") | None. 
Permitted content | As a child of a[`<ruby>`]34486 "The HTML <ruby> element represents a ruby annotation. Ruby annotations are for showing pronunciation of East Asian characters.")element. 
Tag omission | The end tag can be omitted if the element is immediately followed by an[`<rt>`]34487 "The HTML Ruby Text (<rt>) element specifies the ruby text component of a ruby annotation, which is used to provide pronunciation, translation, or transliteration information for East Asian typography. The <rt> element must always be contained within a <ruby> element."),[`<rtc>`]34489 "The HTML Ruby Text Container (<rtc>) element embraces semantic annotations of characters presented in a ruby of <rb> elements used inside of <ruby> element. <rb> elements can have both pronunciation (<rt>) and semantic (<rtc>) annotations."), or[`<rp>`]34488 "The HTML Ruby Fallback Parenthesis (<rp>) element is used to provide fall-back parentheses for browsers that do not support display of ruby annotations using the <ruby> element.")element or another`<rb>`element, or if there is no more content in the parent element. 
Permitted parents | A[`<ruby>`]34486 "The HTML <ruby> element represents a ruby annotation. Ruby annotations are for showing pronunciation of East Asian characters.")element. 
Permitted ARIA roles | Any 
DOM interface | [`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.") 


## Attributes<a name="Attributes"></a>


This element only includes the[global attributes]38986 "").


## Usage notes<a name="Usage_notes"></a>

* Ruby annotations are for showing pronunciation of East Asian characters, like using Japanese furigana or Taiwanese bopomofo characters. The`<rp>`element is used to separate out each segment of the ruby base text.
* Even thought`<rb>`is not an empty element, it is common to just include the opening tag of each element in the source code, so that the ruby markup is less complex and easier to read. The browser can then fill in the full element in the rendered version.
* You need to include one[`<rt>`]34487 "The HTML Ruby Text (<rt>) element specifies the ruby text component of a ruby annotation, which is used to provide pronunciation, translation, or transliteration information for East Asian typography. The <rt> element must always be contained within a <ruby> element.")element for each base segment/`<rb>`element that you want to annotate.

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In this example, we provide an annotation for the original character equivalent of &quot;Kanji&quot;:


```
<ruby>
  <rb>漢<rb>字
  <rp>(</rp><rt>kan<rt>ji<rp>)</rp>
</ruby>
```


Note how we&#39;ve included two`<rb>`elements, to delimit the two separate parts of the ruby base text. The annotation on the other hand is delimited by two[`<rt>`]34487 "The HTML Ruby Text (<rt>) element specifies the ruby text component of a ruby annotation, which is used to provide pronunciation, translation, or transliteration information for East Asian typography. The <rt> element must always be contained within a <ruby> element.")elements.



Note that we could also write this example with the two base text parts annotated completely separately. In this case we don&#39;t need to include`<rb>`elements:


```
<ruby>
  漢 <rp>(</rp><rt>Kan</rt><rp>)</rp>
  字 <rp>(</rp><rt>ji</rt><rp>)</rp>
</ruby>
```


The output looks like so:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/rb$samples/with-ruby?revision=1394794' width='100%' height='60'></iframe>




The HTML above might look something like this when rendered by a browser*without*ruby support:




<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/rb$samples/without-ruby?revision=1394794' width='100%' height='60'></iframe>




**Note**: See the article about the[`<ruby>`]34486 "The HTML <ruby> element represents a ruby annotation. Ruby annotations are for showing pronunciation of East Asian characters.")element for further examples.



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;rb&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]40449 "") | Living Standard |  
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;rb&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]40450 "") | Recommendation |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<ruby>`]34486 "The HTML <ruby> element represents a ruby annotation. Ruby annotations are for showing pronunciation of East Asian characters.")
* [`<rt>`]34487 "The HTML Ruby Text (<rt>) element specifies the ruby text component of a ruby annotation, which is used to provide pronunciation, translation, or transliteration information for East Asian typography. The <rt> element must always be contained within a <ruby> element.")
* [`<rp>`]34488 "The HTML Ruby Fallback Parenthesis (<rp>) element is used to provide fall-back parentheses for browsers that do not support display of ruby annotations using the <ruby> element.")
* [`<rtc>`]34489 "The HTML Ruby Text Container (<rtc>) element embraces semantic annotations of characters presented in a ruby of <rb> elements used inside of <ruby> element. <rb> elements can have both pronunciation (<rt>) and semantic (<rtc>) annotations.")



