---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:link
---





The**`:link`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-class]29702 "")represents an element that has not yet been visited. It matches every unvisited[`<a>`]24205 "The HTML <a> element (or anchor element) creates a hyperlink to other web pages, files, locations within the same page, email addresses, or any other URL."),[`<area>`]12822 "The HTML <area> element defines a hot-spot region on an image, and optionally associates it with a hypertext link. This element is used only within a <map> element."), or[`<link>`]24203 "The HTML <link> element specifies relationships between the current document and an external resource. Possible uses for this element include defining a relational framework for navigation. This element is most used to link to style sheets.")element that has an`href`attribute.


```
/* Selects any <a> that has not been visited yet */
a:link {
  color: red;
}
```


Styles defined by the`:link`pseudo-class will be overridden by any subsequent link-related pseudo-class ([`:active`]34499 "The :active CSS pseudo-class represents an element (such as a button) that is being activated by the user."),[`:hover`]34496 "The :hover CSS pseudo-class matches when the user interacts with an element with a pointing device, but does not necessarily activate it. It is generally triggered when the user hovers over an element with the cursor (mouse pointer)."), or[`:visited`]25905 "The :visited CSS pseudo-class represents links that the user has already visited. For privacy reasons, the styles that can be modified using this selector are very limited.")) that has at least equal specificity. To style links appropriately, put the`:link`rule before all other link-related rules, as defined by the*LVHA-order*:`:link`—`:visited`—`:hover`—`:active`.



**Note:**Use[`:any-link`]34501 "The :any-link CSS pseudo-class selector represents an element that acts as the source anchor of a hyperlink, independent of whether it has been visited. In other words, it matches every <a>, <area>, or <link> element that has an href attribute. Thus, it matches all elements that match :link or :visited.")to select an element independent of whether it has been visited or not.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
:link
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


By default, most browsers apply a special[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")value to visited links. Thus, the links in this example will probably have special font colors only before you visit them. (After that, you&#39;ll need to clear your browser history to see them again.) However, the[`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element.")values are likely to remain, as most browsers do not set that property on visited links by default.


### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<a href="#ordinary-target">This is an ordinary link.</a><br>
<a href="">You've already visited this link.</a><br>
<a>Placeholder link (won't get styled)</a>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
a:link {
  background-color: gold;
  color: green;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:link$samples/Examples?revision=1342901' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:link&#39; in that specification.</small>]30782 "") | Living Standard |  
[Selectors Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:link&#39; in that specification.</small>]30783 "") | Working Draft | No change. 
[Selectors Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:link&#39; in that specification.</small>]30784 "") | Recommendation | No change. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:link&#39; in that specification.</small>]30785 "") | Recommendation | Lift the restriction to only apply it for[`<a>`]24205 "The HTML <a> element (or anchor element) creates a hyperlink to other web pages, files, locations within the same page, email addresses, or any other URL.")element. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:link&#39; in that specification.</small>]28378 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1.5 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.2 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Link-related pseudo-classes:[`:visited`]25905 "The :visited CSS pseudo-class represents links that the user has already visited. For privacy reasons, the styles that can be modified using this selector are very limited."),[`:hover`]34496 "The :hover CSS pseudo-class matches when the user interacts with an element with a pointing device, but does not necessarily activate it. It is generally triggered when the user hovers over an element with the cursor (mouse pointer)."),[`:active`]34499 "The :active CSS pseudo-class represents an element (such as a button) that is being activated by the user.")



