---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DOMTokenList/remove
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24241 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24242 "")版。</bdi>






The`**remove()**`method of the[`DOMTokenList`]13056 "The DOMTokenList interface represents a set of space-separated tokens. Such a set is returned by Element.classList, HTMLLinkElement.relList, HTMLAnchorElement.relList, HTMLAreaElement.relList, HTMLIframeElement.sandbox, or HTMLOutputElement.htmlFor. It is indexed beginning with 0 as with JavaScript Array objects. DOMTokenList is always case-sensitive.")interface removes the specified<em>tokens</em>from the list.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
tokenList.remove(token1[, token2[, ...]]);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>token<em>N</em>...</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the token you want to remove from the list. If the string does not exist in the list, no error is thrown, and nothing happens.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


Void.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


In the following example we retrieve the list of classes set on a[`<span>`]13247 "The HTML <span> element is a generic inline container for phrasing content, which does not inherently represent anything. It can be used to group elements for styling purposes (using the class or id attributes), or because they share attribute values, such as lang.")element as a`DOMTokenList`using[`Element.classList`]24224 "The Element.classList is a read-only property which returns a live DOMTokenList collection of the class attributes of the element."). We then remove a token from the list, and write the list into the`<span>`&#39;s[`Node.textContent`]13065 "The Node.textContent property represents the text content of a node and its descendants.").



First, the HTML:


```
<span class="a b c"></span>
```


Now the JavaScript:


```
var span = document.querySelector("span");
var classes = span.classList;
classes.remove("c");
span.textContent = classes;
```


The output looks like this:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/DOMTokenList/remove$samples/Examples?revision=1370195' width='100%' height='60'></iframe>




To remove multiple classes at once you can supply multiple tokens; the order you supply them doesn&#39;t have to match the order they appear in the list:


```
let span = document.getElementsByTagName("span")[0],
  classes = span.classList;

classes.remove("c", "b");
span.textContent = classes;
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[DOM<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;remove()&#39; in that specification.</small>]24243 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [DOMTokenList]24226 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [remove]24244 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[mfuji09]24245 ""),[tjcrowder]24240 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[Speich]24246 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[mfuji09]24245 ""),<time>Mar 29, 2018, 1:51:59 AM</time>


