---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/store
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46203 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42566 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.store()`**methods store a SIMD data type into a[typed array]3683 "").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.store(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Float32x4.store1(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Float32x4.store2(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Float32x4.store3(tarray, index, value)

SIMD.Float64x2.store(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Float64x2.store1(tarray, index, value)

SIMD.Int32x4.store(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Int32x4.store1(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Int32x4.store2(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Int32x4.store3(tarray, index, value)

SIMD.Int8x16.store(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Int16x8.store(tarray, index, value) 

SIMD.Uint32x4.store(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Uint32x4.store1(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Uint32x4.store2(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Uint32x4.store3(tarray, index, value)

SIMD.Uint8x16.store(tarray, index, value)
SIMD.Uint16x8.store(tarray, index, value) 

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`tarray`</dt><dd>An instance of a[typed array]3683 ""). This can be one of:
* [`Int8Array`]40833 "The Int8Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 8-bit signed integers. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Uint8Array`]24033 "The Uint8Array typed array represents an array of 8-bit unsigned integers. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Uint8ClampedArray`]40866 "The Uint8ClampedArray typed array represents an array of 8-bit unsigned integers clamped to 0-255; if you specified a value that is out of the range of [0,255], 0 or 255 will be set instead; if you specify a non-integer, the nearest integer will be set. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Int16Array`]40831 "The Int16Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 16-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Uint16Array`]40864 "The Uint16Array typed array represents an array of 16-bit unsigned integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Int32Array`]40832 "The Int32Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 32-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Uint32Array`]40865 "The Uint32Array typed array represents an array of 32-bit unsigned integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Float32Array`]6055 "The Float32Array typed array represents an array of 32-bit floating point numbers (corresponding to the C float data type) in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."), or[`Float64Array`]6060 "The Float64Array typed array represents an array of 64-bit floating point numbers (corresponding to the C double data type) in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).").
</dd><dt id=''>`index`</dt><dd>A number for the index from where to start storing in the typed array.</dd><dt id=''>`value`</dt><dd>An instance of a SIMD data type to store into the typed array.</dd></dl>

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


The`value`that has been stored (a SIMD data type).


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>

* If`index`is out of range, for example`SIMD.Int32x4.store(tarray, -1, value)`or bigger than the size of`tarray`, a[`RangeError`]40842 "The RangeError object indicates an error when a value is not in the set or range of allowed values.")is thrown.
* If`tarray`is not one of the typed array types, for example`SIMD.Int32x4.store(tarray.buffer, 0)`(an array buffer is not valid), a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")is thrown.

## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The SIMD`load`and`store`methods intermix with[typed arrays]3683 ""). With`load`, you can pass in typed arrays into SIMD types and with`store,`SIMD data can be stored into typed arrays.



You can either store all lane values using`store()`, or only store one, two or three lane values with the methods`store1()`,`store2()`or`store3()`.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following examples use[`SIMD.Int32x4`]44934 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")data type stored into an[`Int32Array`]40832 "The Int32Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 32-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).").


### Storing all values<a name="Storing_all_values"></a>

```
var tarray = new Int32Array(8);
var value = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Int32x4.store(tarray, 0, value);
// tarray = Int32Array[1, 2, 3, 4, 0, 0, 0, 0]

var tarray = new Int32Array(8);
var value = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Int32x4.store(tarray, 2, value);
// tarray = Int32Array[0, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 0, 0]
```

### Storing one value<a name="Storing_one_value"></a>

```
var tarray = new Int32Array(8);
var value = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Int32x4.store1(tarray, 0, value);
// tarray = Int32Array[1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]

var tarray = new Int32Array(8);
var value = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Int32x4.store1(tarray, 2, value);
// tarray = Int32Array[0, 0, 1, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]
```

### Storing two values<a name="Storing_two_values"></a>

```
var tarray = new Int32Array(8);
var value = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Int32x4.store2(tarray, 0, value);
// tarray = Int32Array[1, 2, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]

var tarray = new Int32Array(8);
var value = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Int32x4.store2(tarray, 2, value);
// tarray = Int32Array[0, 0, 1, 2, 0, 0, 0, 0]
```

### Storing three values<a name="Storing_three_values"></a>

```
var tarray = new Int32Array(8);
var value = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Int32x4.store3(tarray, 0, value);
// tarray = Int32Array[1, 2, 3, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]

var tarray = new Int32Array(8);
var value = SIMD.Int32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Int32x4.store3(tarray, 2, value);
// tarray = Int32Array[0, 0, 1, 2, 3, 0, 0, 0]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.store&#39; in that specification.</small>]46204 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")
* [`SIMD.%type%.load()`]42544 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



