---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/subSaturate
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46209 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42568 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.subSaturate()`**method returns a new instance with the lane values subtracted (`a - b`) and saturating behavior on overflow.



Note: This operation is not defined on[`Uint32x4`]40857 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")and[`Int32x4`]40854 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations."), because it is not accelerated by current hardware on those types.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Int8x16.subSaturate(a, b)
SIMD.Int16x8.subSaturate(a, b)

SIMD.Uint8x16.subSaturate(a, b) 
SIMD.Uint16x8.subSaturate(a, b)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>a</dt><dd>An instance of a SIMD type.</dd><dt id=''>`b`</dt><dd>Another instance of a SIMD type.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A new corresponding SIMD data type with the lane values of`a`and`b`subtracted (`a - b`).


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following example demonstrates the saturating behavior for Uint16 (maximum value 65535, minimum value 0) and Int16 (maximum value 32767, minimum value -32678). If the subtraction overflows, the lanes will have the minimum/maximum possible value.


```
var a = SIMD.Uint16x8(5, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1); 
var b = SIMD.Uint16x8(10, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1); 
SIMD.Uint16x8.subSaturate(a, b); 
// Uint16x8[0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]

var c = SIMD.Int16x8(-100, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0);
var d = SIMD.Int16x8(32767, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0);
SIMD.Int16x8.subSaturate(c, d);
// Int16x8[-32768, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.subSaturate&#39; in that specification.</small>]46210 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



