---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-direction
---





The**`animation-direction`**[CSS]28421 "CSS")property specifies whether an animation should play forwards, backwards, or alternating back and forth.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/animation-direction.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


It is often convenient to use the shorthand property[`animation`]22649 "The animation CSS property is a shorthand property for the various animation properties: animation-name, animation-duration, animation-timing-function, animation-delay, animation-iteration-count, animation-direction, animation-fill-mode, and animation-play-state.")to set all animation properties at once.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Single animation */
animation-direction: normal;
animation-direction: reverse;
animation-direction: alternate;
animation-direction: alternate-reverse;

/* Multiple animations */
animation-direction: normal, reverse;
animation-direction: alternate, reverse, normal;

/* Global values */
animation-direction: inherit;
animation-direction: initial;
animation-direction: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>The animation plays*forwards*each cycle. In other words, each time the animation cycles, the animation will reset to the beginning state and start over again. This is the default value.</dd><dt id=''>`reverse`</dt><dd>The animation plays*backwards*each cycle. In other words, each time the animation cycles, the animation will reset to the end state and start over again. Animation steps are performed backwards, and timing functions are also reversed. For example, an`ease-in`timing function becomes`ease-out`.</dd><dt id=''>`alternate`</dt><dd>The animation reverses direction each cycle, with the first iteration being played*forwards*. The count to determine if a cycle is even or odd starts at one.</dd><dt id=''>`alternate-reverse`</dt><dd>The animation reverses direction each cycle, with the first iteration being played*backwards*. The count to determinate if a cycle is even or odd starts at one.</dd></dl>

**Note**: When you specify multiple comma-separated values on an`animation-*`property, they will be assigned to the animations specified in the[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.")property in different ways depending on how many there are. For more information, see[Setting multiple animation property values](%28512#Setting_multiple_animation_property_values "").



### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<single-animation-direction>#where <single-animation-direction> = normal | reverse | alternate | alternate-reverse
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


See[CSS animations]28512 "CSS/CSS_animations")for examples.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

[Initial value]28552 "") | `normal` 
Applies to | all elements,[`::before`]33493 "In CSS, ::before creates a pseudo-element that is the first child of the selected element. It is often used to add cosmetic content to an element with the content property.")and[`::after`]33492 "In CSS, ::after creates a pseudo-element that is the last child of the selected element. It is often used to add cosmetic content to an element with the content property.")[pseudo-elements]3563 "") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;animation-direction&#39; in that specification.</small>]28485 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
`reverse` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>19 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`alternate-reverse` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>19 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using CSS animations]28512 "Tutorial about CSS animations")
* JavaScript[`AnimationEvent`]14106 "The AnimationEvent interface represents events providing information related to animations.")API



