---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/GlobalEventHandlers/onpointerleave
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]27291 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]8862 "")版。</bdi>






The[global event handler]26359 "The GlobalEventHandlers mixin describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, or Window. Each of these interfaces can, of course, add more event handlers in addition to the ones listed below.")for the`[pointerleave]8863 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/pointerleave")`event, which is delivered to a[`Node`]4786 "Node is an interface from which a number of DOM API object types inherit; it allows these various types to be treated similarly, for example inheriting the same set of methods, or being tested in the same way.")when the pointer (mouse cursor, fingertip, etc.) exits its hit test area (for example, if the cursor exits an[`Element`]8678 "Element is the most general base class from which all objects in a Document inherit. It only has methods and properties common to all kinds of elements. More specific classes inherit from Element.")or[`Window`]13757 "The window object represents a window containing a DOM document; the document property points to the DOM document loaded in that window.")&#39;s content area). This event is part of the[Pointer Events API]26608 "").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var leaveHandler = EventTarget.onpointerleave;

EventTarget.onpointerleave = leaveHandler;
```

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`leaveHandler`</dt><dd>The[`EventListener`]14267 "The EventListener interface represents an object that can handle an event dispatched by an EventTarget object.")which will be invoked to handle`[pointerleave]8863 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/pointerleave")`events sent to the target.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example shows two ways to use`onpointerleave`to set an element&#39;s`pointerleave`event handler.


```
<html>
<script>
function leaveHandler(ev) {
 // Process the pointerleave event
}
function init() {
 var el=document.getElementById("target1");
 el.onpointerleave = leaveHandler;
}
</script>
<body onload="init();">
<div id="target1"> Touch me ... </div>
<div id="target2" onpointerleave="leaveHandler(event)"> Touch me ... </div>
</body>
</html>
```


See[Using Pointer Events]27292 "")for additional details.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Pointer Events – Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;onpointerleave&#39; in that specification.</small>]27293 "") | Working Draft | Non-stable version 
[Pointer Events<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;onpointerleave&#39; in that specification.</small>]27294 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 35<sup>[1]</sup> | [59]17090 "Released on undefined.")(59) | 10[-ms]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-ms' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>11 | ? | No support 





[1] This was implemented in[bug 248918]26516 "").



[2] Supported behind the preference`dom.w3c_pointer_events.enabled`, defaulting to`false`.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Pointer events]26608 "")
* [Using pointer events]27292 "")
* `[pointerleave]8863 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/pointerleave")`and the[`PointerEvent`]26603 "The PointerEvent interface represents the state of a DOM event produced by a pointer such as the geometry of the contact point, the device type that generated the event, the amount of pressure that was applied on the contact surface, etc.")interface it implements



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [GlobalEventHandlers]27272 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [NeedsBrowserCompatibility]4964 "")
* [onpointerleave]27295 "")
* [Pointer Events]26509 "")
* [PointerEvent]26609 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[AFBarstow]6896 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 9:50:51 AM</time>


