---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image-slice#edge-regions
---





The**`border-image-slice`**[CSS]427 "")property divides the image specified by[`border-image-source`]33490 "The border-image-source CSS property specifies the source image used to create an element's border image.")into regions. These regions are used to form the components of an element&#39;s[border image]28990 "").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/border-image-slice.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


The slicing process creates nine regions in total: four corners, four edges, and a middle region. Four slice lines, set a given distance from their respective sides, control the size of the regions.







The above diagram illustrates the location of each region.


* Zones 1-4 arecorner regions. Each one is used a single time to form the corners of the final border image.
* Zones 5-8 areedge regions. These are[repeated, scaled, or otherwise modified]28981 "")in the final border image to match the dimensions of the element.
* Zone 9 is themiddle region. It is discarded by default, but is used like a background image if the keyword`fill`is set.


The[`border-image-repeat`]28981 "The border-image-repeat CSS property defines how the edge regions of a source image are adjusted to fit the dimensions of an element's border image."),[`border-image-width`]33831 "The border-image-width CSS property specifies the width of an element's border image."), and[`border-image-outset`]33832 "The border-image-outset CSS property specifies the distance by which an element's border image is set out from its border box.")properties determine how these regions are used to form the final border image.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* All sides */
border-image-slice: 30%;

/* vertical | horizontal */
border-image-slice: 10% 30%;

/* top | horizontal | bottom */
border-image-slice: 30 30% 45;

/* top | right | bottom | left */
border-image-slice: 7 12 14 5; 

/* Using the `fill` keyword */
border-image-slice: 10% fill 7 12;

/* Global values */
border-image-slice: inherit;
border-image-slice: initial;
border-image-slice: unset;
```


The`border-image-slice`property may be specified using one to four`<number-percentage>`values to represent the position of each image slice. Negative values are invalid; values greater than their corresponding dimension are clamped to`100%`.


* When**one**position is specified, it creates all four slices at the same distance from their respective sides.
* When**two**positions are specified, the first value creates slices measured from the**top and bottom**, the second creates slices measured from the**left and right**.
* When**three**positions are specified, the first value creates a slice measured from the**top**, the second creates slices measured from the**left and right**, the third creates a slice measured from the**bottom**.
* When**four**positions are specified, they create slices measured from the**top**,**right**,**bottom**, and**left**in that order (clockwise).


The optional`fill`value, if used, can be placed anywhere in the declaration.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")</dt><dd>Represents an edge offset in*pixels*for raster images and*coordinates*for vector images. For vector images, the number is relative to the element&#39;s size, not the size of the source image, so percentages are generally preferable in these cases.</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>Represents an edge offset as a percentage of the source image&#39;s size: the width of the image for horizontal offsets, the height for vertical offsets.</dd><dt id=''>`fill`</dt><dd>Preserves the middle image region and displays it like a background image, but stacked above the actual[`background`]28694 "The background CSS property lets you adjust all background style options at once, including color, image, origin and size, repeat method, and other features."). Its width and height are sized to match the top and left image regions, respectively.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<number-percentage>{1,4} && fill?where <number-percentage> = <number> | <percentage>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Backgrounds and Borders Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-image-slice&#39; in that specification.</small>]37842 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial defintion 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `100%` 
Applies to | all elements, except internal table elements when[`border-collapse`]33836 "The border-collapse CSS property specifies whether cells inside a <table> have shared or separate borders.")is`collapse`. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables)."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | refer to the size of the border image 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | one to four percentage(s) (as specified) or absolute length(s), plus the keyword`fill`if specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the percentages or lengths, eventually followed by the keyword`fill` 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.1<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Illustrated description of the 1-to-4-value syntax](%28797#Tricky_edge_cases "")



