---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DataTransferItem/webkitGetAsEntry
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24286 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24287 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%6827#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




If the item described by the[`DataTransferItem`]6854 "The DataTransferItem object represents one drag data item. During a drag operation, each drag event has a dataTransfer property which contains a list of drag data items. Each item in the list is a DataTransferItem object.")is a file,`webkitGetAsEntry()`returns a[`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file.")or[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")representing it. If the item isn&#39;t a file,`null`is returned.



This function is implemented as`webkitGetAsEntry()`in non-WebKit browsers including Firefox at this time; it may be renamed to simply`getAsEntry()`in the future, so you should code defensively, looking for both.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
DataTransferItem.webkitGetAsEntry();
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>


None.


### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A[`FileSystemEntry`]11164 "The FileSystemEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a single in a file system. The entry can be a file or a directory (directories are represented by the DirectoryEntry interface). It includes methods for working with files—including copying, moving, removing, and reading files—as well as information about a file it points to—including the file name and its path from the root to the entry.")-based object describing the dropped item. This will be either[`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file.")or[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.").


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In this example, a drop zone is created, which responds to the`[drop]8786 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/drop")`event by scanning through the dropped files and directories, outputting a hierarchical directory listing.


### HTML content<a name="HTML_content"></a>


The HTML establishes the drop zone itself, which is a[`<div>`]24289 "The HTML Content Division element (<div>) is the generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled using CSS.")element with the ID`"dropzone"`, and an unordered list element with the ID`"listing"`.


```
<p>Drag files and/or directories to the box below!</p>

<div id="dropzone">
  <div id="boxtitle">
    Drop Files Here
  </div>
</div>

<h2>Directory tree:</h2>

<ul id="listing">
</ul>
```

### CSS content<a name="CSS_content"></a>


The styles used by the example are shown here.


```
#dropzone {
  text-align: center;
  width: 300px;
  height: 100px;
  margin: 10px;
  padding: 10px;
  border: 4px dashed red;
  border-radius: 10px;
}

#boxtitle {
  display: table-cell;
  vertical-align: middle;
  text-align: center;
  color: black;
  font: bold 2em "Arial", sans-serif;
  width: 300px;
  height: 100px;
}

body {
  font: 14px "Arial", sans-serif;
}
```

### JavaScript content<a name="JavaScript_content"></a>


First, let&#39;s look at the recursive`scanFiles()`function. This function takes as input a[`FileSystemEntry`]11164 "The FileSystemEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a single in a file system. The entry can be a file or a directory (directories are represented by the DirectoryEntry interface). It includes methods for working with files—including copying, moving, removing, and reading files—as well as information about a file it points to—including the file name and its path from the root to the entry.")representing an entry in the file system to be scanned and processed (the`item`parameter), and an element into which to insert the list of contents (the`container`parameter).


```
let dropzone = document.getElementById("dropzone");
let listing = document.getElementById("listing");

function scanFiles(item, container) {
  let elem = document.createElement("li");
  elem.innerHTML = item.name;
  container.appendChild(elem);
 
 if (item.isDirectory) {
    let directoryReader = item.createReader();
    let directoryContainer = document.createElement("ul");
    container.appendChild(directoryContainer);
    
    directoryReader.readEntries(function(entries) {
        entries.forEach(function(entry) {
          scanFiles(entry, directoryContainer);
      });
    });
  }
}
```


`scanFiles()`begins by creating a new[`<li>`]12761 "The HTML <li> element is used to represent an item in a list. It must be contained in a parent element: an ordered list (<ol>), an unordered list (<ul>), or a menu (<menu>). In menus and unordered lists, list items are usually displayed using bullet points. In ordered lists, they are usually displayed with an ascending counter on the left, such as a number or letter.")element to represent the item being scanned, inserts the name of the item into it as its text content, and then appends it to the container. The container is always a list element in this example, as you&#39;ll see shortly.



Once the current item is in the list, the item&#39;s[`isDirectory`]11177 "The read-only isDirectory property of the FileSystemEntry interface is true if the entry represents a directory (meaning it's a FileSystemDirectoryEntry) and false if it's not.")property is checked. If the item is a directory, we need to recurse into that directory. The first step is to create a[`FileSystemDirectoryReader`]11158 "The FileSystemDirectoryReader interface of the File and Directory Entries API lets you access the FileEntry-based objects (generally FileSystemFileEntry or FileSystemDirectoryEntry) representing each entry in a directory.")to handle fetching the directory&#39;s contents. That&#39;s done by calling the item&#39;s[`createReader()`]24290 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")method. Then a new[`<ul>`]13566 "The HTML <ul> element represents an unordered list of items, typically rendered as a bulleted list.")is created and appended to the parent list; this will contain the directory&#39;s contents in the next level down in the list&#39;s hierarchy.



After that,[`directoryReader.readEntries()`]11163 "The FileSystemDirectoryReader interface's readEntries() method retrieves the directory entries within the directory being read and delivers them in an array to a provided callback function.")is called to read in all the entries in the directory. These are each, in turn, passed into a recursive call to`scanFiles()`to process them. Any of them which are files are simply inserted into the list; any which are directories are inserted into the list and a new level of the list&#39;s hierarchy is added below, and so forth.



Then come the event handlers. First, we prevent the`[dragover]8782 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/dragover")`event from being handled by the default handler, so that our drop zone can receive the drop:


```
dropzone.addEventListener("dragover", function(event) {
    event.preventDefault();
}, false);
```


The event handler that kicks everything off, of course, is the handler for the`[drop]8786 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/drop")`event:


```
dropzone.addEventListener("drop", function(event) {
  let items = event.dataTransfer.items;

  event.preventDefault();
  listing.innerHTML = "";
 
  for (let i=0; i<items.length; i++) {
    let item = items[i].webkitGetAsEntry();
    
    if (item) {
        scanFiles(item, listing);
    }
  }
}, false);
```


This fetches the list of[`DataTransferItem`]6854 "The DataTransferItem object represents one drag data item. During a drag operation, each drag event has a dataTransfer property which contains a list of drag data items. Each item in the list is a DataTransferItem object.")objects representing the items dropped from`event.dataTransfer.items`. Then we call[`Event.preventDefault()`]5184 "The Event interface's preventDefault() method tells the user agent that if the event does not get explicitly handled, its default action should not be taken as it normally would be. The event continues to propagate as usual, unless one of its event listeners calls stopPropagation() or stopImmediatePropagation(), either of which terminates propagation at once.")to prevent the event from being handled further after we&#39;re done.



Now it&#39;s time to start building the list. First, the list is emptied by setting[`listing.innerHTML`]24291 "The Element.innerHTML property sets or gets the HTML syntax describing the element's descendants.")to be empty. That leaves us with an empty[`ul`]24292 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")to begin inserting directory entries into.



Then we iterate over the items in the list of dropped items. For each one, we call its[`webkitGetAsEntry()`]24287 "If the item described by the DataTransferItem is a file, webkitGetAsEntry() returns a FileSystemFileEntry or FileSystemDirectoryEntry representing it. If the item isn't a file, null is returned.")method to obtain a[`FileSystemEntry`]11164 "The FileSystemEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a single in a file system. The entry can be a file or a directory (directories are represented by the DirectoryEntry interface). It includes methods for working with files—including copying, moving, removing, and reading files—as well as information about a file it points to—including the file name and its path from the root to the entry.")representing the file. If that&#39;s successful, we call`scanFiles()`to process the item—either by adding it to the list if it&#39;s just a file or by adding it and walking down into it if it&#39;s a directory.


### Result<a name="Result"></a>


You can see how this works by trying it out below. Find some files and directories and drag them in, and take a look at the resulting output.



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/DataTransferItem/webkitGetAsEntry$samples/Example?revision=1125119' width='600' height='400'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[File and Directory Entries API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;webkitGetAsEntry()&#39; in that specification.</small>]6831 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial specification. 



This API has no official W3C or WHATWG specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Microsoft Edge | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 13[webkit]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'webkit' as this browser considers it experimental") | [50]6835 "Released on 2016-11-08.")(50) | No support | (Yes) | No support | No support 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [File and Directory Entries API]6832 "")
* [Introduction to the File System API]11153 "")
* [`DataTransferItem`]6854 "The DataTransferItem object represents one drag data item. During a drag operation, each drag event has a dataTransfer property which contains a list of drag data items. Each item in the list is a DataTransferItem object.")
* [`FileSystemEntry`]11164 "The FileSystemEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a single in a file system. The entry can be a file or a directory (directories are represented by the DirectoryEntry interface). It includes methods for working with files—including copying, moving, removing, and reading files—as well as information about a file it points to—including the file name and its path from the root to the entry."),[`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file."), and[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")
* Events:`[dragover]8782 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/dragover")`and`[drop]8786 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/drop")`



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DataTransferItem]24265 "")
* [drag and drop]6888 "")
* [File and Directory Entries API]11166 "")
* [File System API]7246 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [getAsEntry]24293 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Offline]4708 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Sep 28, 2016, 2:37:51 AM</time>


