---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/PluralRules/prototype
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45820 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]45821 "")版。</bdi>






The**`Intl.PluralRules.prototype`**property represents the prototype object for the[`Intl.PluralRules`]40839 "The Intl.PluralRules object is a constructor for objects that enable plural sensitive formatting and plural language rules.")constructor.


Property attributes of`Intl.PluralRules.prototype` 
 ---  | 
Writable | no 
Enumerable | no 
Configurable | no 



## Description<a name="Description"></a>


See[`PluralRules`]40839 "The Intl.PluralRules object is a constructor for objects that enable plural sensitive formatting and plural language rules.")for a description of`Intl.PluralRules`instances.



[`Intl.PluralRules`]40839 "The Intl.PluralRules object is a constructor for objects that enable plural sensitive formatting and plural language rules.")instances inherit from`Intl.PluralRules.prototype`. Modifications to the prototype object are inherited by all[`Intl.PluralRules`]40839 "The Intl.PluralRules object is a constructor for objects that enable plural sensitive formatting and plural language rules.")instances.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`Intl.PluralRules.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>A reference to`Intl.PluralRules`.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Intl.Plural.prototype.resolvedOptions()`]42141 "The Intl.PluralRules.prototype.resolvedOptions() method returns a new object with properties reflecting the locale and plural formatting options computed during initialization of this PluralRules object.")</dt><dd>Returns a new object with properties reflecting the locale and collation options computed during initialization of the object.</dd><dt id=''>[`Intl.PluralRules.prototype.select()`]42142 "The Intl.PluralRules.prototype.select method returns a String indicating which plural rule to use for locale-aware formatting.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters.")indicating which plurar rule to use for locale-aware formatting.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Intl Plural Rules Draft]42143 "") | Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>63 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>63 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>63 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Intl.PluralRules`]40839 "The Intl.PluralRules object is a constructor for objects that enable plural sensitive formatting and plural language rules.")



