---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/DateTimeFormat/formatToParts
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45779 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42109 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%42099#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`Intl.DateTimeFormat.prototype.formatToParts()`**method allows locale-aware formatting of strings produced by`DateTimeFormat`formatters.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
Intl.DateTimeFormat.prototype.formatToParts(date)
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`date`Optional</dt><dd>The date to format.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


An[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects.")of objects containing the formatted date in parts.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The`formatToParts()`method is useful for custom formatting of date strings. It returns an[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects.")of objects containing the locale-specific tokens from which it possible to build custom strings while preserving the locale-specific parts. The structure the`formatToParts()`method returns, looks like this:


```
[
  { type: 'day', value: '17' },
  { type: 'weekday', value: 'Monday' }
]
```


Possible types are the following:

<dl><dt id=''>day</dt><dd>The string used for the day, for example`"17"`.</dd><dt id=''>dayPeriod</dt><dd>The string used for the day period, for example,`"AM"`or`"PM"`.</dd><dt id=''>era</dt><dd>The string used for the era, for example`"BC"`or`"AD"`.</dd><dt id=''>hour</dt><dd>The string used for the hour, for example`"3"`or`"03"`.</dd><dt id=''>literal</dt><dd>The string used for separating date and time values, for example`"/"`,`","`,`"o'clock"`,`"de"`, etc.</dd><dt id=''>minute</dt><dd>The string used for the minute, for example`"00"`.</dd><dt id=''>month</dt><dd>The string used for the month, for example`"12"`.</dd><dt id=''>second</dt><dd>The string used for the second, for example`"07"`or`"42"`.</dd><dt id=''>timeZoneName</dt><dd>The string used for the name of the time zone, for example`"UTC"`.</dd><dt id=''>weekday</dt><dd>The string used for the weekday, for example`"M"`,`"Monday"`, or`"Montag"`.</dd><dt id=''>year</dt><dd>The string used for the year, for example`"2012"`or`"96"`.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


`DateTimeFormat`outputs localized, opaque strings that cannot be manipulated directly:


```
var date = Date.UTC(2012, 11, 17, 3, 0, 42);

var formatter = new Intl.DateTimeFormat('en-us', {
  weekday: 'long',
  year: 'numeric',
  month: 'numeric',
  day: 'numeric',
  hour: 'numeric',
  minute: 'numeric',
  second: 'numeric',
  hour12: true,
  timeZone: 'UTC'
});

formatter.format(date);
// "Monday, 12/17/2012, 3:00:42 AM"
```


However, in many User Interfaces there is a desire to customize the formatting of this string. The`formatToParts`method enables locale-aware formatting of strings produced by`DateTimeFormat`formatters by providing you the string in parts:


```
formatter.formatToParts(date);

// return value: 
[ 
  { type: 'weekday',   value: 'Monday' }, 
  { type: 'literal',   value: ', '     }, 
  { type: 'month',     value: '12'     }, 
  { type: 'literal',   value: '/'      }, 
  { type: 'day',       value: '17'     }, 
  { type: 'literal',   value: '/'      }, 
  { type: 'year',      value: '2012'   }, 
  { type: 'literal',   value: ', '     }, 
  { type: 'hour',      value: '3'      }, 
  { type: 'literal',   value: ':'      }, 
  { type: 'minute',    value: '00'     }, 
  { type: 'literal',   value: ':'      }, 
  { type: 'second',    value: '42'     }, 
  { type: 'literal',   value: ' '      }, 
  { type: 'dayPeriod', value: 'AM'     } 
]
```


Now the information is available separately and it can be formatted and concatenated again in a customized way. For example by using[`Array.prototype.map()`]22472 "The map() method creates a new array with the results of calling a provided function on every element in the calling array."),[arrow functions]24412 ""), a[switch statement]40938 ""),[template literals]41035 ""), and[`Array.prototype.reduce()`]22475 "The reduce() method applies a function against an accumulator and each element in the array (from left to right) to reduce it to a single value.").


```
var dateString = formatter.formatToParts(date).map(({type, value}) => { 
  switch (type) {
    case 'dayPeriod': return `<b>${value}</b>`; 
    default : return value; 
  } 
}).reduce((string, part) => string + part);
```


This will make the day period bold, when using the`formatToParts()`method.


```
console.log(formatter.format(date));
// "Monday, 12/17/2012, 3:00:42 AM"

console.log(dateString);
// "Monday, 12/17/2012, 3:00:42 <b>AM</b>"
```

## Polyfill<a name="Polyfill"></a>


A polyfill for this feature is available in the[proposal repository]45781 "").


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 4.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.DateTimeFormat.prototype.formatToParts&#39; in that specification.</small>]45782 "") | Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Intl.DateTimeFormat`]40837 "The Intl.DateTimeFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language-sensitive date and time formatting.")
* [`Intl.DateTimeFormat.prototype.format`]42108 "The Intl.DateTimeFormat.prototype.format property returns a getter function that formats a date according to the locale and formatting options of this Intl.DateTimeFormat object.")
* [`Date.prototype.toLocaleString()`]42092 "The toLocaleString() method returns a string with a language sensitive representation of this date. The new locales and options arguments let applications specify the language whose formatting conventions should be used and customize the behavior of the function. In older implementations, which ignore the locales and options arguments, the locale used and the form of the string returned are entirely implementation dependent.")
* [`Date.prototype.toLocaleDateString()`]42093 "The toLocaleDateString() method returns a string with a language sensitive representation of the date portion of this date. The new locales and options arguments let applications specify the language whose formatting conventions should be used and allow to customize the behavior of the function. In older implementations, which ignore the locales and options arguments, the locale used and the form of the string returned are entirely implementation dependent.")
* [`Date.prototype.toLocaleTimeString()`]42094 "The toLocaleTimeString() method returns a string with a language sensitive representation of the time portion of this date. The new locales and options arguments let applications specify the language whose formatting conventions should be used and customize the behavior of the function. In older implementations, which ignore the locales and options arguments, the locale used and the form of the string returned are entirely implementation dependent.")



