---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/DateTimeFormat/format
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45774 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42108 "")版。</bdi>






The**`Intl.DateTimeFormat.prototype.format`**property returns a getter function that formats a date according to the locale and formatting options of this[`Intl.DateTimeFormat`]40837 "The Intl.DateTimeFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language-sensitive date and time formatting.")object.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/js/intl-datetimeformat-prototype-format.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
dateTimeFormat.format(date)
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`date`</dt><dd>The date to format.</dd></dl>
## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The function returned by the`format`getter formats a date into a string according to the locale and formatting options of this[`Intl.DateTimeFormat`]40837 "The Intl.DateTimeFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language-sensitive date and time formatting.")object.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Using`format`<a name="Using_format"></a>


Use the function returned by the`format`getter for formatting a single date, here for Serbia:


```
var options = { weekday: 'long', year: 'numeric', month: 'long', day: 'numeric' };
var dateTimeFormat = new Intl.DateTimeFormat('sr-RS', options);
console.log(dateTimeFormat.format(new Date()));
// → "недеља, 7. април 2013."
```

### Using`format`with`map`<a name="Using_format_with_map"></a>


Use the function returned by the`format`getter for formatting all dates in an array. Note that the function is bound to the[`Intl.DateTimeFormat`]40837 "The Intl.DateTimeFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language-sensitive date and time formatting.")from which it was obtained, so it can be passed directly to[`Array.prototype.map()`]22472 "The map() method creates a new array with the results of calling a provided function on every element in the calling array.").


```
var a = [new Date(2012, 08), new Date(2012, 11), new Date(2012, 03)];
var options = { year: 'numeric', month: 'long' };
var dateTimeFormat = new Intl.DateTimeFormat('pt-BR', options);
var formatted = a.map(dateTimeFormat.format);
console.log(formatted.join('; '));
// → "setembro de 2012; dezembro de 2012; abril de 2012"
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 1.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.DateTimeFormat.format&#39; in that specification.</small>]45775 "") | Standard | Initial definition. 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 2.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.DateTimeFormat.format&#39; in that specification.</small>]45776 "") | Standard |  
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 4.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.DateTimeFormat.format&#39; in that specification.</small>]45777 "") | Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Intl.DateTimeFormat`]40837 "The Intl.DateTimeFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language-sensitive date and time formatting.")
* [`Date.prototype.toLocaleString()`]42092 "The toLocaleString() method returns a string with a language sensitive representation of this date. The new locales and options arguments let applications specify the language whose formatting conventions should be used and customize the behavior of the function. In older implementations, which ignore the locales and options arguments, the locale used and the form of the string returned are entirely implementation dependent.")
* [`Date.prototype.toLocaleDateString()`]42093 "The toLocaleDateString() method returns a string with a language sensitive representation of the date portion of this date. The new locales and options arguments let applications specify the language whose formatting conventions should be used and allow to customize the behavior of the function. In older implementations, which ignore the locales and options arguments, the locale used and the form of the string returned are entirely implementation dependent.")
* [`Date.prototype.toLocaleTimeString()`]42094 "The toLocaleTimeString() method returns a string with a language sensitive representation of the time portion of this date. The new locales and options arguments let applications specify the language whose formatting conventions should be used and customize the behavior of the function. In older implementations, which ignore the locales and options arguments, the locale used and the form of the string returned are entirely implementation dependent.")



