---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/filter-function/opacity
---





The**`opacity()`**[CSS]427 "")function applies transparency to the samples in the input image. Its result is a[`<filter-function>`]28327 "The <filter-function> CSS data type represents a graphical effect that can change the appearance of an input image. It is used in the filter and backdrop-filter properties.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/function-opacity.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


**Note:**This function is similar to the more established[`opacity`]31319 "The opacity CSS property specifies the level of transparency of an element, that is, the degree to which the content behind the element is visible.")property. The difference is that with filters, some browsers provide hardware acceleration for better performance.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
opacity(amount)
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`amount`</dt><dd>The amount of the conversion, specified as a[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")or a[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size."). A value of`0%`is completely transparent, while a value of`100%`leaves the input unchanged. Values between`0%`and`100%`are linear multipliers on the effect. The lacuna value for interpolation is`1`.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
opacity(0%)   /* Completely transparent */
opacity(50%)  /* 50% transparent */
opacity(1)    /* No effect */
```

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<filter-function>`]28327 "The <filter-function> CSS data type represents a graphical effect that can change the appearance of an input image. It is used in the filter and backdrop-filter properties.")
* CSS[`opacity`]31319 "The opacity CSS property specifies the level of transparency of an element, that is, the degree to which the content behind the element is visible.")property



