---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/URLUtils/origin
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]27321 "")。






**`HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils.origin`**只读属性是一个[`USVString`]3260 "USVString 对应于所有可能的 unicode标量值序列的集合。")，其中包含代表URL的原始码的Unicode序列化，即：


* for URL using the`http`or`https`, the scheme followed by`'://'`, followed by the domain, followed by`':'`, followed by the port (the default port,`80`and`443`respectively, if explicitely specified);
* for URL using`file:`scheme, the value is browser dependant;
* for URL using the`blob:`scheme, the origin of the URL following`blob:`. E.g`"blob:https://mozilla.org"`will have`"https://mozilla.org".`
**Note:**此特性在[Web Worker]5173 "")中可用。

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
string = object.origin;

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
// On this page, returns the origin
var result = window.location.origin; // Returns:'https://developer.mozilla.org'
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils.origin</small>]27322 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | (Yes)[1] | (Yes) | [26.0]12083 "Released on 2013-12-10.")(26.0)<sup>[3][4]</sup> | 未实现[2] | 未实现[2] | 未实现[2] 





[1] Starting in Chrome 52, this property was moved to[`URL`]3255 "URL 接口是一个包含若干静态方法的对象，用来创建 URLs。")



[2] Though not grouped in a single abstract interface, this method is directly available on the interfaces that implement it, if this interface is supported.



[3] From Gecko 26 to Gecko 44, this property was on the`URLUtils`mixin. It has been moves either on the`HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils`mixin, or directly on the interface.



[4] Before Gecko 49, results for URL using the`blob`scheme incorrectly returned`null`.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils`]2760 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")mixin it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils.origin]27323 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[xgqfrms-GitHub]57 "")
**最后编辑者:**[xgqfrms-GitHub]57 ""),<time>May 15, 2017, 3:47:02 AM</time>


