---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/URLUtils/pathname
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]27324 "")。






**`HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils.pathname`**属性是一个[`USVString`]3260 "USVString 对应于所有可能的 unicode标量值序列的集合。")，其中包含一个初始的&#39;/&#39;后跟URL的路径。


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
string = object.pathname;
object.pathname = string;

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
// Let's an <a id="myAnchor" href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils.pathname"> element be in the document
var anchor = document.getElementById("myAnchor");
var result = anchor.pathname; // Returns:'/en-US/docs/HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils.pathname'
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils.pathname</small>]27325 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | (Yes)[1] | 未实现[2] | [22]4422 "Released on 2013-06-25.")(22) [3][4] | 未实现[2] | 未实现[2] | 未实现[2] 





[1] Starting in Chrome 52, this property was moved to[`URL`]3255 "URL 接口是一个包含若干静态方法的对象，用来创建 URLs。")



[2] Though not grouped in a single abstract interface, this method is directly available on the interfaces that implement it, if this interface is supported.



[3] From Gecko 22 to Gecko 44, this property was on the`URLUtils`mixin. It has been moves either on the`HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils`mixin, or directly on the interface.



[4] Before Firefox 53, the`pathname`and`search``HTMLHyperLinkElementUtils`properties returned the wrong parts of the URL. For example, for a URL of`http://z.com/x?a=true&b=false`,`pathname`would return &quot;`/x?a=true&b=false"`and`search`would return &quot;&quot;, rather than &quot;`/x`&quot; and &quot;`?a=true&b=false"`respectively. This has now been fixed.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils`]2760 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")mixin it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [HTMLHyperlinkElementUtils.pathname]27326 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[xgqfrms-GitHub]57 "")
**最后编辑者:**[xgqfrms-GitHub]57 ""),<time>May 15, 2017, 3:48:13 AM</time>


