---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/used_value
---






The**used value**of a[CSS]427 "")property is its value after all calculations have been performed on the[computed value]28556 "").



After the[user agent]3517 "The definition of that term (user agent) has not been written yet; please consider contributing it!")has finished its calculations, every CSS property has a used value. The used values of dimensions (e.g.,[`width`]13333 "The width property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, it instead determines the width of the border area."),[`line-height`]12926 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")) are in pixels. The used values of shorthand properties (e.g.,[`background`]28694 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")) are consistent with those of their component properties (e.g.,[`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element, using either a <color> value or the keyword transparent.")or[`background-size`]32979 "The background-size CSS property specifies the size of an element's background image. The image can be left to its natural size, stretched to a new size, or constrained to fit the available space while preserving its intrinsic proportions.")) and with[`position`]34283 "The position CSS property specifies how an element is positioned in a document. The top, right, bottom, and left properties determine the final location of positioned elements.")and[`float`]32924 "The float CSS property specifies that an element should be placed along the left or right side of its container, allowing text and inline elements to wrap around it. The element is removed from the normal flow of the web page, though still remaining a part of the flow (in contrast to absolute positioning).").



**Note:**The[`getComputedStyle()`]33777 "The Window.getComputedStyle() method gives the values of all the CSS properties of an element after applying the active stylesheets and resolving any basic computation those values may contain.")DOM API returns the[resolved value]32862 ""), which may either be the[computed value]28556 "")or the[used value]32864 ""), depending on the property.




## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example computes and displays the used`width`value of three elements (updates on resize):


### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div id="no-width">
  <p>No explicit width.</p>
  <p class="show-used-width">..</p>

  <div id="width-50">
    <p>Explicit width: 50%.</p>
    <p class="show-used-width">..</p>

    <div id="width-inherit">
      <p>Explicit width: inherit.</p>
      <p class="show-used-width">..</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
#no-width {
  width: auto;
}

#width-50 {
  width: 50%;
}

#width-inherit {
  width: inherit;
}

/* Make results easier to see */
div {
  border: 1px solid red;
  padding: 8px;
}
```

### JavaScript<a name="JavaScript"></a>

```
function updateUsedWidth(id) {
  var div = document.querySelector(`#${id}`);
  var par = div.querySelector('.show-used-width');
  var wid = window.getComputedStyle(div)["width"];
  par.textContent = `Used width: ${wid}.`;
}

function updateAllUsedWidths() {
  updateUsedWidth("no-width");
  updateUsedWidth("width-50");
  updateUsedWidth("width-inherit");
}

updateAllUsedWidths();
window.addEventListener('resize', updateAllUsedWidths);
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/used_value$samples/Example?revision=1326307' width='80%' height='372'></iframe>



## Difference from computed value<a name="Difference_from_computed_value"></a>


CSS 2.0 defined only*computed value*as the last step in a property&#39;s calculation. Then, CSS 2.1 introduced the distinct definition of used value. An element could then explicitly inherit a width/height of a parent, whose computed value is a percentage. For CSS properties that don&#39;t depend on layout (e.g.,`display`,`font-size`, or`line-height`), the computed values and used values are the same. The following are the CSS 2.1 properties that do depend on layout, so they have a different computed value and used value: (taken from[CSS 2.1 Changes: Specified, computed, and actual values]32887 "http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/changes.html#q36")):


* `background-position`
* `bottom`,`left`,`right`,`top`
* `height`,`width`
* `margin-bottom`,`margin-left`,`margin-right`,`margin-top`
* `min-height`,`min-width`
* `padding-bottom`,`padding-left`,`padding-right`,`padding-top`
* `text-indent`

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;used value&#39; in that specification.</small>]32888 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`window.getComputedStyle`]33777 "The Window.getComputedStyle() method gives the values of all the CSS properties of an element after applying the active stylesheets and resolving any basic computation those values may contain.")
* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax]32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule]4443 "At-rule"),[comments]32858 "Comments"),[specificity]31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance]28555 "inheritance"), the[box]32859 "Box model"),[layout modes]32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models]32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing]30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial]28552 "initial value"),[computed]28556 "computed value"),[resolved]32862 "resolved value"),[specified]32863 "specified value"),[used]32864 "used value"), and[actual]32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax]28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties]28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements]28752 "Replaced element").



