---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Layout_mode
---





A[CSS](%427 "")**layout mode**, sometimes simply called*layout*, is an algorithm that determines the position and size of boxes based on the way they interact with their sibling and ancestor boxes. There are several of them:


* *[Normal flow](%36178 "")*— all elements are part of normal flow until you do something to take them out of it. Normal flow includes*block layout*, designed for laying out boxes such as paragraphs and*inline layout*, which lays out inline items such as text.
* *Table layout*, designed for laying out tables.
* *Float layout*, designed to cause an item to position itself left or right with the rest of the content in normal flow wrapping around it.
* *Positioned layout*, designed for positioning elements without much interaction with other elements.
* *Multi-column layout*, designed for laying content out in columns as in a newspaper.
* [*Flexible box layout*](%36179 ""), designed for laying out complex pages that can be resized smoothly.
* [*Grid layout*](%29934 ""), designed for laying out elements relative to a fixed grid.


**Note:**Not all[CSS properties](%32894 "")apply to all*layout modes*. Most of them apply to one or two of them and have no effect if they are set on an element participating in another layout mode.



## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax](%32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule](%4443 "At-rule"),[comments](%32858 "Comments"),[specificity](%31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance](%28555 "inheritance"), the[box](%32859 "Box model"),[layout modes](%32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models](%32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing](%30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial](%28552 "initial value"),[computed](%28556 "computed value"),[resolved](%32862 "resolved value"),[specified](%32863 "specified value"),[used](%32864 "used value"), and[actual](%32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax](%28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties](%28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements](%28752 "Replaced element").



