---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/overflow-clip-box-block
---





The**`overflow-clip-box-block`**[CSS]427 "")property specifies relative to which box the clipping happens when there is an overflow — in the block direction.


```
/* Keyword values */
overflow-clip-box-block: padding-box;
overflow-clip-box-block: content-box;

/* Global values */
overflow-clip-box-block: inherited;
overflow-clip-box-block: initial;
overflow-clip-box-block: unset;
```


**Note**: On Gecko, by default,`padding-box`is used everywhere, but`<input type="text">`and similar use the value`content-box`. Note that this property is activated by default only in the UA stylesheet and chrome contexts.




Value not found in DB!


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`padding-box`</dt><dd>This keyword makes the clipping be related to the[padding box]34183 "").</dd><dt id=''>`content-box`</dt><dd>This keyword makes the clipping be related to the[content box]30473 "").</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
Syntax not found in DB!
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### padding-box<a name="padding-box"></a>

#### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div class="things">
  <input value="ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZÅÄÖ" class="scroll padding-box">
  <div class="scroll padding-box"><span>ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZÅÄÖ</span></div>
</div>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.scroll { 
  overflow: auto;
  padding: 0 30px; 
  width: 6em; 
  border: 1px solid black;
  background: lime content-box;
}

.padding-box {
  overflow-clip-box-block: padding-box;
}
```

#### JavaScript<a name="JavaScript"></a>

```
function scrollSomeElements() {
  var elms = document.querySelectorAll('.scroll');
  for (i=0; i < elms.length; ++i) {
    elms[i].scrollLeft=80;
  }
}
var elt = document.queryElementsByTagName('body')[0];

elt.addEventListener("load", scrollSomeElements, false);
```

#### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Mozilla/CSS/overflow-clip-box-block$samples/padding-box?revision=1358999' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This property has been proposed to the W3C CSSWG; it is not yet on the standard track but, if accepted, should appear in[CSS Overflow Module Level 3]36439 "The 'CSS Overflow Module Level 3' specification").


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Firefox (Gecko) | Chrome | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | [59]17090 "Released on undefined.")(59)<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support | No support | No support 





[1] This property is controlled by the`layout.css.overflow-clip-box.enabled`preference, which defaults to`false`. It only is activated inside UA stylesheets and the chrome context. See[bug 966992]36440 "FIXED: Implement overflow-clip-box: content-box").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Related CSS properties:[`text-overflow`]34285 "The text-overflow CSS property determines how overflowed content that is not displayed is signaled to users. It can be clipped, display an ellipsis ('…', U+2026 Horizontal Ellipsis), or display a custom string."),[`white-space`]34286 "The white-space CSS property determines how whitespace inside an element is handled."),[`overflow`]33028 "The overflow CSS property specifies what to do when an element's content is too large to fit in its block formatting context. It is a shorthand for the overflow-x and overflow-y properties."),[`overflow-x`]34287 "The overflow-x CSS property specifies whether to clip content, render a scroll bar, or display overflow content of a block-level element, when it overflows at the left and right edges."),[`overflow-y`]34288 "The overflow-y CSS property specifies whether to clip content, render a scroll bar, or display overflow content of a block-level element, when it overflows at the top and bottom edges."),[`clip`]29392 "The clip CSS property defines what portion of an element is visible. The clip property applies only to absolutely positioned elements, that is elements with position:absolute or position:fixed."),[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")







