---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FileSystemFileEntry/createWriter
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26941 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26942 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%11223#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.




**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The[`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file.")interface&#39;s method**`createWriter()`**returns a[`FileWriter`]26944 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")object which can be used to write data into the file represented by the directory entry.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
FileSystemFileEntry.createWriter(successCallback[, errorCallback]);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`successCallback`</dt><dd>A callback function which is called when the[`FileWriter`]26944 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")has been created successfully; the`FileWriter`is passed into the callback as the only parameter.</dd><dt id=''>`errorCallback`Optional</dt><dd>If provided, this must be a method which is caled when an error occurs while trying to create the[`FileWriter`]26944 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"). This callback receives as input a[`FileError`]11192 "Represents an error that occurs while using the FileReader interface.")object describing the error.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


[`undefined`]14139 "The global undefined property represents the primitive value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.").


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example establishes a method,`writeToFileEntry()`, which outputs a text string to the file corresponding to the passed-in directory entry.


```
function writeToFileEntry(entry, text) {
  entry.createWriter(function(fileWriter)) {
    let data = Blob([text], { type: "text/plain" });

    fileWriter.write(data);
  }, function(fileError) {
    /* do whatever to handle the error */
  });
}
```


The success callback for the`createWriter()`call takes the text which was passed in and creates a new[`Blob`]4167 "A Blob object represents a file-like object of immutable, raw data. Blobs represent data that isn't necessarily in a JavaScript-native format. The File interface is based on Blob, inheriting blob functionality and expanding it to support files on the user's system.")object of type`text/plain`that contains the passed text. This blob is then output to the[`FileWriter`]26944 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")object to be written to the file.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[File and Directory Entries API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;createWriter()&#39; in that specification.</small>]26945 "") | Draft | Initial specification. 



This API has no official W3C or WHATWG specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>13 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>50 — 52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>50 — 52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [File and Directory Entries API]6832 "")
* [Introduction to the File System API]11153 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [createWriter]26946 "")
* [File and Directory Entries API]11166 "")
* [File System API]7246 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [FileSystemFileEntry]26938 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jul 11, 2018, 8:19:58 AM</time>


