---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AnimationEvent/elapsedTime
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22646 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14110 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3560#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.



## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The`**AnimationEvent.elapsedTime**`read-only property is a`float`giving the amount of time the animation has been running, in seconds, when this event fired, excluding any time the animation was paused. For an`"animationstart"`event,`elapsedTime`is`0.0`unless there was a negative value for[`animation-delay`]14111 "The animation-delay CSS property specifies when an animation should start. You can begin the animation at a future point in time, immediately and from its begining, or immediately and partway through the animation cycle."), in which case the event will be fired with`elapsedTime`containing`(-1 *`<em>delay</em>`)`.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
time = AnimationEvent.elapsedTime
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;AnimationEvent.elapsedTime&#39; in that specification.</small>]22648 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using CSS animations]3571 "")
* Animation-related CSS properties and at-rules:[`animation`]22649 "The animation CSS property is a shorthand property for the various animation properties: animation-name, animation-duration, animation-timing-function, animation-delay, animation-iteration-count, animation-direction, animation-fill-mode, and animation-play-state."),[`animation-delay`]14111 "The animation-delay CSS property specifies when an animation should start. You can begin the animation at a future point in time, immediately and from its begining, or immediately and partway through the animation cycle."),[`animation-direction`]22650 "The animation-direction CSS property specifies whether an animation should play forwards, backwards, or alternating back and forth."),[`animation-duration`]22651 "The animation-duration CSS property specifies the length of time that an animation should take to complete one cycle."),[`animation-fill-mode`]22652 "The animation-fill-mode CSS property specifies how a CSS animation should apply styles to its target before and after its execution."),[`animation-iteration-count`]22653 "The animation-iteration-count CSS property specifies the number of times an animation cycle should be played before stopping. If multiple values are specified, each time the animation is played the next value in the list is used, cycling back to the first value after the last one is used."),[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence."),[`animation-play-state`]22654 "The animation-play-state CSS property specifies whether an animation is running or paused. In JavaScript, this can be queried to determine whether or not the animation is currently running. In addition, you can use JavaScript to set its value to pause or resume playback of an animation."),[`animation-timing-function`]22655 "The animation-timing-function CSS property specifies how a CSS animation should progress over the duration of each cycle."),[`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.").
* The[`AnimationEvent`]14106 "The AnimationEvent interface represents events providing information related to animations.")interface it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [AnimationEvent]3580 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSOM]4437 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[tregagnon]4807 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 4:48:57 AM</time>


