---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AnimationEvent/initAnimationEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22665 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14112 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.




**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.



## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The`**AnimationEvent.initAnimationEvent()**`method Initializes an animation event created using the deprecated[`Document.createEvent("AnimationEvent")`]14113 "Creates an event of the type specified. The returned object should be first initialized and can then be passed to element.dispatchEvent.")method.



`AnimationEvent`created this way are untrusted.



**Note:**During the standardization process, this method was removed from the specification. It has been deprecated and is in the progress of being removed from most implementations.**Do not use this method**; instead, use the standard constructor,[`AnimationEvent()`]14108 "The AnimationEvent() constructor returns a newly created AnimationEvent, representing an event in relation with an animation."), to create a synthetic[`AnimationEvent`]14106 "The AnimationEvent interface represents events providing information related to animations.").



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
animationEvent.initAnimationEvent(typeArg, canBubbleArg, cancelableArg, animationNameArg, elapsedTimeArg);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`typeArg`</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")identifying the specific type of animation event that occurred. The following values are allowed:Value | Meaning 
 ---  |  ---  | 
`animationstart` | The animation has started. 
`animationend` | The animation completed. 
`animationiteration` | The current iteration just completed. 

</dd><dt id=''>`canBubbleArg`</dt><dd>A[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")flag indicating if the event can bubble (`true`) or not (`false)`.</dd><dt id=''>`cancelableArg`</dt><dd>A[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")flag indicating if the event associated action can be avoided (`true`) or not (`false)`.</dd><dt id=''>`animationNameArg`</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the value of the[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.")CSS property associated with the transition.</dd><dt id=''>`elapsedTimeArg`</dt><dd>A`float`indicating the amount of time the animation has been running, in seconds, as of the time the event was fired, excluding any time the animation was paused. For an`"animationstart"`event,`elapsedTime`is`0.0`unless there was a negative value for`[animation-delay]14111 "The animation-delay CSS property specifies when the animation should start. This lets the animation sequence begin some time after it's applied to an element.")`, in which case the event will be fired with`elapsedTime`containing`(-1 *`<em>delay</em>`)`.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


<em>This method is non-standard and not part of any specification, though it was present in early drafts of[CSS Animations]22666 "The 'CSS Animations' specification").</em>


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>No support</abbr>12 — 16 | <abbr>No support</abbr>6 — 23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>6 — 23 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using CSS animations]3571 "")
* Animation-related CSS properties and at-rules:[`animation`]22649 "The animation CSS property is a shorthand property for the various animation properties: animation-name, animation-duration, animation-timing-function, animation-delay, animation-iteration-count, animation-direction, animation-fill-mode, and animation-play-state."),[`animation-delay`]14111 "The animation-delay CSS property specifies when an animation should start. You can begin the animation at a future point in time, immediately and from its begining, or immediately and partway through the animation cycle."),[`animation-direction`]22650 "The animation-direction CSS property specifies whether an animation should play forwards, backwards, or alternating back and forth."),[`animation-duration`]22651 "The animation-duration CSS property specifies the length of time that an animation should take to complete one cycle."),[`animation-fill-mode`]22652 "The animation-fill-mode CSS property specifies how a CSS animation should apply styles to its target before and after its execution."),[`animation-iteration-count`]22653 "The animation-iteration-count CSS property specifies the number of times an animation cycle should be played before stopping. If multiple values are specified, each time the animation is played the next value in the list is used, cycling back to the first value after the last one is used."),[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence."),[`animation-play-state`]22654 "The animation-play-state CSS property specifies whether an animation is running or paused. In JavaScript, this can be queried to determine whether or not the animation is currently running. In addition, you can use JavaScript to set its value to pause or resume playback of an animation."),[`animation-timing-function`]22655 "The animation-timing-function CSS property specifies how a CSS animation should progress over the duration of each cycle."),[`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.").
* The[`AnimationEvent`]14106 "The AnimationEvent interface represents events providing information related to animations.")interface it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [AnimationEvent]3580 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSOM]4437 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[tregagnon]4807 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 4:50:01 AM</time>


