---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:right
---





The**`:right`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-class]29702 ""), used with the[`@page`]4547 "The @page CSS at-rule is used to modify some CSS properties when printing a document. You can't change all CSS properties with @page. You can only change the margins, orphans, widows, and page breaks of the document. Attempts to change any other CSS properties will be ignored.")[at-rule]4443 ""), represents all right-hand pages of a printed document.


```
/* Selects any right-hand pages when printing */
@page :right {
  margin: 2in 3in;
}
```


Whether a given page is &quot;left&quot; or &quot;right&quot; is determined by the major writing direction of the document. For example, if the first page has a major writing direction of left-to-right then it will be a`:right`page; if it has a major writing direction of right-to-left then it will be a[`:left`]31817 "The :left CSS pseudo-class, used with the @page at-rule, represents all left-hand pages of a printed document.")page.



**Note:**This pseudo-class can be used to change only the[`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left."),[`padding`]29242 "The padding CSS property sets the padding area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual paddings at once: padding-top, padding-right, padding-bottom, and padding-left."),[`border`]29117 "The border CSS property is a shorthand for setting all individual border property values in a single declaration: border-width, border-style, and border-color."), and[`background`]28694 "The background CSS property is a short way to declare all background style options at once, including color, image, origin and size, repeat method, and other features.")properties of the*page box*. All other properties will be ignored, and only the page box, not the document content on the page, will be affected.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
:right
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
@page :right {
  margin: 2in 3in;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Paged Media Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:right&#39; in that specification.</small>]29886 "") | Working Draft | No change. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:right&#39; in that specification.</small>]29224 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9.2 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`@page`]4547 "The @page CSS at-rule is used to modify some CSS properties when printing a document. You can't change all CSS properties with @page. You can only change the margins, orphans, widows, and page breaks of the document. Attempts to change any other CSS properties will be ignored.")
* Other page-related pseudo-classes:[`:first`]31818 "The :first CSS pseudo-class, used with the  @page at-rule, represents the first page of a printed document."),[`:left`]31817 "The :left CSS pseudo-class, used with the @page at-rule, represents all left-hand pages of a printed document.")



