---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@page/bleed
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%29217#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`bleed`**[CSS]427 "")[at-rule]4443 "")descriptor, used with the[`@page`]4547 "The @page CSS at-rule is used to modify some CSS properties when printing a document. You can't change all CSS properties with @page. You can only change the margins, orphans, widows, and page breaks of the document. Attempts to change any other CSS properties will be ignored.")at-rule, specifies the extent of the page bleed area outside the page box. This property only has effect if crop marks are enabled using the[`marks`]29216 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property.


Related[at-rule]4443 "") | [`@page`]4547 "The @page CSS at-rule is used to modify some CSS properties when printing a document. You can't change all CSS properties with @page. You can only change the margins, orphans, widows, and page breaks of the document. Attempts to change any other CSS properties will be ignored.") 
[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Media | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`visual`]30489 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB!
* [`paged`]34154 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB! 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
bleed: auto;

/* <length> values */
bleed: 8pt;
bleed: 1cm;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>Computes to`6pt`if the value of[`marks`]29216 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")is`crop`. Otherwise it computes to zero.</dd><dt id=''>`[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")`</dt><dd>Specifies by how far outward, in each direction, the bleed area extends past the page box. Values may be negative, but there may be implementation-specific limits.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | <length>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
@page {
  bleed: 1cm;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Paged Media Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;bleed&#39; in that specification.</small>]34161 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`marks`]29216 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`size`]29215 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")



