---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@page/marks
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%29216#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`marks`**[CSS]427 "")[at-rule]4443 "")descriptor, used with the[`@page`]4547 "The @page CSS at-rule is used to modify some CSS properties when printing a document. You can't change all CSS properties with @page. You can only change the margins, orphans, widows, and page breaks of the document. Attempts to change any other CSS properties will be ignored.")at-rule, adds crop and/or cross marks to the presentation of the document.*Crop marks*indicate where the page should be cut.*Cross marks*are used to align sheets.



Crop marks and cross marks are printed outside the page box. To have room to show crop and cross marks, the final pages will have to be somewhat bigger than the page box.


Related[at-rule]4443 "") | [`@page`]4547 "The @page CSS at-rule is used to modify some CSS properties when printing a document. You can't change all CSS properties with @page. You can only change the margins, orphans, widows, and page breaks of the document. Attempts to change any other CSS properties will be ignored.") 
[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Media | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`visual`]30489 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB!
* [`paged`]34154 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB! 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
marks: none;
marks: crop;
marks: cross;
marks: crop cross;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`crop`</dt><dd>Crop marks will be displayed.</dd><dt id=''>`cross`</dt><dd>Cross marks will be displayed.</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>No marks will be displayed.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
none | [ crop || cross ]
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
@page {
  marks: crop cross;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Paged Media Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;marks&#39; in that specification.</small>]34155 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 



This CSS property was initially proposed in CSS Level 2, but was dropped from CSS Level 2 (Revision 1).


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`bleed`]29217 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`size`]29215 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")



