---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/At-rule
---





An**at-rule**is a[CSS statement](%32857#CSS_statements "")that instructs CSS how to behave. They begin with an at sign, &#39;`@`&#39; (`U+0040 COMMERCIAL AT`), followed by an identifier and includes everything up to the next semicolon, &#39;`;`&#39; (`U+003B SEMICOLON`), or the next[CSS block](%32857#CSS_declarations_blocks ""), whichever comes first.


```
/* General structure */
@IDENTIFIER (RULE);

/* Example: tells browser to use UTF-8 character set */
@charset "utf-8";
```


There are several at-rules, designated by their identifiers, each with a different syntax:


* [`@charset`]33621 "The @charset CSS at-rule specifies the character encoding used in the style sheet. It must be the first element in the style sheet and not be preceded by any character; as it is not a nested statement, it cannot be used inside conditional group at-rules. If several @charset at-rules are defined, only the first one is used, and it cannot be used inside a style attribute on an HTML element or inside the <style> element where the character set of the HTML page is relevant.")— Defines the character set used by the style sheet.
* [`@import`]33622 "The @import CSS at-rule is used to import style rules from other style sheets. These rules must precede all other types of rules, except @charset rules; as it is not a nested statement, @import cannot be used inside conditional group at-rules.")— Tells the CSS engine to include an external style sheet.
* [`@namespace`]4531 "@namespace is an at-rule that defines XML namespaces to be used in a CSS style sheet. The defined namespaces can be used to restrict the universal, type, and attribute selectors to only select elements within that namespace. The @namespace rule is generally only useful when dealing with documents containing multiple namespaces—such as HTML5 with inline SVG or MathML, or XML that mixes multiple vocabularies.")— Tells the CSS engine that all its content must be considered prefixed with an XML namespace.
* ***Nested at-rules***— A subset of nested statements, which can be used as a statement of a style sheet as well as inside of conditional group rules:
	* [`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule can be used to apply part of a style sheet based on the result of one or more media queries.")— A conditional group rule that will apply its content if the device meets the criteria of the condition defined using a*media query*.
	* [`@supports`]14303 "The @supports CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on a browser's support for one or more specific CSS features. This is called a feature query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")— A conditional group rule that will apply its content if the browser meets the criteria of the given condition.
	* [`@document`]33623 "The @document CSS at-rule restricts the style rules contained within it based on the URL of the document. It is designed primarily for user-defined style sheets, though it can be used on author-defined style sheets, too.")<i></i>— A conditional group rule that will apply its content if the document in which the style sheet is applied meets the criteria of the given condition.*(deferred to Level 4 of CSS Spec)*
	* [`@page`]4547 "The @page CSS at-rule is used to modify some CSS properties when printing a document. You can't change all CSS properties with @page. You can only change the margins, orphans, widows, and page breaks of the document. Attempts to change any other CSS properties will be ignored.")— Describes the aspect of layout changes that will be applied when printing the document.
	* [`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule specifies a custom font with which to display text; the font can be loaded from either a remote server or the user's own computer.")— Describes the aspect of an external font to be downloaded.
	* [`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.")— Describes the aspect of intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence.
	* [`@viewport`]30488 "The @viewport CSS at-rule lets you configure the viewport through which the document is viewed. It's primarily used for mobile devices, but is also used by desktop browsers that support features like "snap to edge" (such as Microsoft Edge).")<i></i>— Describes the aspects of the viewport for small screen devices.*(currently at the Working Draft stage)*
	* [`@counter-style`]4442 "The @counter-style CSS at-rule lets you define counter styles that are not part of the predefined set of styles. An @counter-style rule defines how to convert a counter value into a string representation.")— Defines specific counter styles that are not part of the predefined set of styles.*(at the Candidate Recommendation stage, but only implemented in Gecko as of writing)*
	* [`@font-feature-values`]28551 "The @font-feature-values CSS at-rule lets you use a common name in the font-variant-alternates property for features activated differently in OpenType. This can help simplify your CSS when using multiple fonts.")(plus`@swash`,`@ornaments`,`@annotation`,`@stylistic`,`@styleset`and`@character-variant`)<br></br>— Define common names in[`font-variant-alternates`]28550 "The font-variant-alternates CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs. These alternate glyphs may be referenced by alternative names defined in @font-feature-values.")for feature activated differently in OpenType.*(at the Candidate Recommendation stage, but only implemented in Gecko as of writing)*

## Conditional group rules<a name="Conditional_group_rules"></a>


Much like the values of properties, each at-rule has a different syntax. Nevertheless, several of them can be grouped into a special category named**conditional group rules**. These statements share a common syntax and each of them can include*nested statements*—either*rulesets*or*nested at-rules*. Furthermore, they all convey a common semantic meaning—they all link some type of condition, which at any time evaluates to either**true**or**false**. If the condition evaluates to**true**, then all of the statements within the group will be applied.



Conditional group rules are defined in[CSS Conditionals Level 3]33624 "")and are:


* [`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule can be used to apply part of a style sheet based on the result of one or more media queries."),
* [`@supports`]14303 "The @supports CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on a browser's support for one or more specific CSS features. This is called a feature query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule."),
* [`@document`]33623 "The @document CSS at-rule restricts the style rules contained within it based on the URL of the document. It is designed primarily for user-defined style sheets, though it can be used on author-defined style sheets, too.").*(deferred to Level 4 of CSS Spec)*


Since each conditional group may also contain nested statements, there may be an unspecified amount of nesting.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[CSS Conditional Rules Module Level 3]28368 "The 'CSS Conditional Rules Module Level 3' specification") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 
[Compatibility Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSS At-rules&#39; in that specification.</small>]33625 "") | Living Standard | Standardizes`@-webkit-keyframes`. 


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax]32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule]4443 "At-rule"),[comments]32858 "Comments"),[specificity]31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance]28555 "inheritance"), the[box]32859 "Box model"),[layout modes]32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models]32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing]30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial]28552 "initial value"),[computed]28556 "computed value"),[resolved]32862 "resolved value"),[specified]32863 "specified value"),[used]32864 "used value"), and[actual]32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax]28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties]28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements]28752 "Replaced element").



