---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@counter-style/speak-as
---





The**`speak-as`**descriptor specifies how a counter symbol constructed with a given[`@counter-style`]4442 "The @counter-style CSS at-rule lets you define counter styles that are not part of the predefined set of styles. An @counter-style rule defines how to convert a counter value into a string representation.")will be represented in the spoken form. For example, an author can specify a counter symbol to be either spoken as its numerical value or just represented with an audio cue.


Related[at-rule]4443 "") | [`@counter-style`]4442 "The @counter-style CSS at-rule lets you define counter styles that are not part of the predefined set of styles. An @counter-style rule defines how to convert a counter value into a string representation.") 
[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Media | all 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
speak-as: auto;
speak-as: bullets;
speak-as: numbers;
speak-as: words;
speak-as: spell-out;

/* @counter-style name value */
speak-as: <counter-style-name>;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>If the value of`speak-as`is specified as`auto`, then the effective value of`speak-as`will be determined based on the value of the[`system`]29822 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor:
* If the value of`system`is`alphabetic`, the effective value of`speak-as`will be`spell-out`.
* If`system`is`cyclic`, the effective value of`speak-as`will be`bullets`.
* If`system`is`extends`, the value of`speak-as`will be the same as if`speak-as: auto`is specified on the extended style.
* For all other cases, specifying`auto`has the same effect as specifying`speak-as: numbers`.
</dd><dt id=''>`bullets`</dt><dd>A phrase or an audio cue defined by the[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")for representing an unordered list item will be read out.</dd><dt id=''>`numbers`</dt><dd>The numerical value of the counter will be read out in the document language.</dd><dt id=''>`words`</dt><dd>The user agent will generate a counter value as normal and read it out as a word in the document language.</dd><dt id=''>`spell-out`</dt><dd>The user agent will generate a counter representation as normal and would read it out letter by letter. If the user agent doesn&#39;t know how to read out a partiular counter symbol, the user agent might read it out as if the value of`speak-as`was`numbers`.</dd><dt id=''>`<counter-style-name>`</dt><dd>The name of another counter style, specified as a[`<custom-ident>`]28326 "The <custom-ident> CSS data type denotes an arbitrary user-defined string used as an identifier. It is case-sensitive, and certain values are forbidden in various contexts to prevent ambiguity."). If included, the counter will be spoken out in the form specified in that counter style, kind of like specifying the[`fallback`]32051 "The fallback descriptor can be used to specify a counter style to fall back to if the current counter style can not create a marker representation for a particular counter value.")descriptor. If the specified style does not exist,`speak-as`defaults to`auto`.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | bullets | numbers | words | spell-out | <counter-style-name>where <counter-style-name> = <custom-ident>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<ul class="list">
  <li>One</li>
  <li>Two</li>
  <li>Three</li>
  <li>Four</li>
  <li>Five</li>
</ul>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
@counter-style speak-as-example {
  system: fixed;
  symbols:     ;
  suffix: " ";
  speak-as: numbers;
}

.list {
  list-style: speak-as-example;    
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@counter-style/speak-as$samples/Example?revision=1367949' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


Assistive technology support is very limited for the`speak-as`property. Do not rely on it to convey information critical to understanding the page&#39;s purpose.



[Let&#39;s Talk About Speech CSS | CSS Tricks]32052 "")


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Counter Styles Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;speak-as&#39; in that specification.</small>]32053 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`list-style`]29824 "The list-style CSS property is a shorthand for setting the individual values that define how a list is displayed: list-style-type, list-style-image, and list-style-position."),[`list-style-image`]29825 "The list-style-image CSS property specifies an image to be used as the list item marker. It is often more convenient to use the shorthand list-style."),[`list-style-position`]29826 "The list-style-position CSS property specifies the position of the ::marker relative to a list item.")
* [`symbols()`]29827 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), the functional notation creating anonymous counter styles.



