---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@keyframes
---





The**`@keyframes`**CSS[at-rule]4443 "")controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.This gives more control over the intermediate steps of the animation sequence than[transitions]3481 "").


```
@keyframes slidein {
  from {
    margin-left: 100%;
    width: 300%;
  }

  to {
    margin-left: 0%;
    width: 100%;
  }
}
```


JavaScript can access the`@keyframes`at-rule with the CSS object model interface[`CSSKeyframesRule`]4496 "The CSSKeyframesRule interface describes an object representing a complete set of keyframes for a CSS animation. It corresponds to the contains of a whole @keyframes at-rule. It implements the CSSRule interface with a type value of 7 (CSSRule.KEYFRAMES_RULE).").



To use keyframes, create a`@keyframes`rule with a name that is then used by the[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.")property to match an animation to its keyframe declaration. Each`@keyframes`rule contains a style list of keyframe selectors, which specify percentages along the animation when the keyframe occurs, and a block containing the styles for that keyframe.



You can list the keyframe percentages in any order; they will be handled in the order they should occur.


### Valid keyframe lists<a name="Valid_keyframe_lists"></a>


If a keyframe rule doesn&#39;t specify the start or end states of the animation (that is,`0%`/`from`and`100%`/`to`, browsers will use the element&#39;s existing styles for the start/end states. This can be used to animate an element from its initial state and back.



Properties that can&#39;t be animated in keyframe rules are ignored, but supported properties will still be animated.


### Resolving duplicates<a name="Resolving_duplicates"></a>


If multiple keyframe sets exist for a given name, the last one encountered by the parser is used.`@keyframes`rules don&#39;t cascade, so animations never derive keyframes from more than one rule set.



If a given animation time offset is duplicated, the last keyframe in the`@keyframes`rule for that percentage is used for that frame. There&#39;s no cascading within a`@keyframes`rule if multiple keyframes specify the same percentage values.


### When properties are left out of some keyframes<a name="When_properties_are_left_out_of_some_keyframes"></a>


Properties that aren&#39;t specified in every keyframe are interpolated if possible — properties that can&#39;t be interpolated are dropped from the animation. For example:


```
@keyframes identifier {
  0% { top: 0; left: 0; }
  30% { top: 50px; }
  68%, 72% { left: 50px; }
  100% { top: 100px; left: 100%; }
}
```


Here, the[`top`]31264 "The top CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")property animates using the`0%`,`30%`, and`100%`keyframes, and[`left`]29604 "The left CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")animates using the`0%`,`68%`, and`100%`keyframes.


### When a keyframe is defined multiple times<a name="When_a_keyframe_is_defined_multiple_times"></a>


If a keyframe is defined multiple times but not all affected properties are in each keyframe, only the values specified in the latest keyframe are considered. For example:


```
@keyframes identifier {
  0% { top: 0; }
  50% { top: 30px; left: 20px; }
  50% { top: 10px; }
  100% { top: 0; }
}
```


In this example, at the`50%`keyframe, the value used is`top: 10px`and all other values at this keyframe are ignored.



<i></i>Cascading keyframes are supported starting in Firefox 14. For the example above, it means that at the`50%`keyframe, the value`left: 20px`will be considered. This is not defined in the specification yet, but it is being discussed.


### `!important`in a keyframe<a name="!important_in_a_keyframe"></a>


Declarations in a keyframe qualified with`!important`are ignored.


```
@keyframes important1 {
  from { margin-top: 50px; }
  50%  { margin-top: 150px !important; } /* ignored */
  to   { margin-top: 100px; }
}

@keyframes important2 {
  from { margin-top: 50px;
         margin-bottom: 100px; }
  to   { margin-top: 150px !important; /* ignored */
         margin-bottom: 50px; }
}
```

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<custom-ident>`]28326 "The <custom-ident> CSS data type denotes an arbitrary user-defined string used as an identifier. It is case-sensitive, and certain values are forbidden in various contexts to prevent ambiguity.")</dt><dd>A name identifying the keyframe list. This must match the identifier production in CSS syntax.</dd><dt id=''>`from`</dt><dd>A starting offset of`0%`.</dd><dt id=''>`to`</dt><dd>An ending offset of`100%`.</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>A percentage of the time through the animation sequence at which the specified keyframe should occur.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
@keyframes <keyframes-name> {
  <keyframe-block-list>
}where <keyframes-name> = <custom-ident> | <string><keyframe-block-list> = <keyframe-block>+where <keyframe-block> = <keyframe-selector># {
  <declaration-list>
}where <keyframe-selector> = from | to | <percentage>
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


See[Using CSS animations]28512 "")for examples.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;@keyframes&#39; in that specification.</small>]30679 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>No support</abbr>12.1 — 15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
Ignore`!important`declarations | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>19 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>19 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>

1. `@keyframes`unsupported in scoped stylesheets in Firefox ([bug 830056]30680 "scoped style sheets should allow scoped effects of @font-face and @keyframes")).

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using CSS animations]28512 "Tutorial about CSS animations")
* [`AnimationEvent`]14106 "The AnimationEvent interface represents events providing information related to animations.")



