---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-name
---





The**`animation-name`**[CSS]28421 "CSS")property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an[`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.")at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.


```
/* Single animation */
animation-name: none;
animation-name: test_05;
animation-name: -specific;
animation-name: sliding-vertically;

/* Multiple animations */
animation-name: test1, animation4;
animation-name: none, -moz-specific, sliding;

/* Global values */
animation-name: initial
animation-name: inherit
animation-name: unset
```


It is often convenient to use the shorthand property[`animation`]22649 "The animation CSS property is a shorthand property for the various animation properties: animation-name, animation-duration, animation-timing-function, animation-delay, animation-iteration-count, animation-direction, animation-fill-mode, and animation-play-state.")to set all animation properties at once.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | all elements,[`::before`]33493 "In CSS, ::before creates a pseudo-element that is the first child of the selected element. It is often used to add cosmetic content to an element with the content property.")and[`::after`]33492 "In CSS, ::after creates a pseudo-element that is the last child of the selected element. It is often used to add cosmetic content to an element with the content property.")[pseudo-elements]3563 "") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>A special keyword denoting no keyframes. It can be used to deactivate an animation without changing the ordering of the other identifiers, or to deactivate animations coming from the cascade.</dd><dt id=''>[`<custom-ident>`]28326 "The <custom-ident> CSS data type denotes an arbitrary user-defined string used as an identifier. It is case-sensitive, and certain values are forbidden in various contexts to prevent ambiguity.")</dt><dd>A name identifying the animation. This identifier is composed of a combination of case-insensitive letters`a`to`z`, numbers`0`to`9`, underscores (`_`), and/or dashes (`-`). The first non-dash character must be a letter. Also, two dashes are forbidden at the beginning of the identifier. Furthermore, the identifier can&#39;t be`none`,`unset`,`initial`, or`inherit`.</dd></dl>

**Note**: When you specify multiple comma-separated values on an`animation-*`property, they will be assigned to the animations specified in the[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.")property in different ways depending on how many there are. For more information, see[Setting multiple animation property values](%28512#Setting_multiple_animation_property_values "").



### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ none | <keyframes-name> ]#where <keyframes-name> = <custom-ident> | <string>
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


See[CSS animations]28512 "CSS/CSS_animations")for examples.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;animation-name&#39; in that specification.</small>]28519 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using CSS animations]28512 "Tutorial about CSS animations")
* JavaScript[`AnimationEvent`]14106 "The AnimationEvent interface represents events providing information related to animations.")API



