---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/-moz-windows-accent-color-in-titlebar
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





**Note**: Since[Firefox 58]36457 ""), this media feature is no longer available to web content — it is only available internally (e.g. to XUL / chrome code). See[bug 1396066]36458 "FIXED: Avoid exposing :-moz-system-metric stuff in content pages.")for more details.




The**-moz-windows-accent-color-in-titlebar**Gecko-only[CSS]28421 "")[`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on the condition of a media query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")media feature can be used to apply styles based on whether accent colors are enabled in Microsoft Windows titlebars.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index.")</dt><dd>In recent Windows versions (e.g., 10), if accent colors are enabled in window titlebars, this is 1. Otherwise it&#39;s 0.</dd></dl>

<br></br>**Media:**[`media/visual`]34216 "The @media CSS at-rule associates a set of nested statements, in a CSS block that is delimited by curly braces, with a condition defined by a media query. The @media at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.")<br></br>**Accepts min/max prefixes:**no


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
@media (-moz-windows-accent-color-in-titlebar: 1) {
  h1 {
    color: -moz-win-accentcolortext;
  }

  body {
    background-color: -moz-win-accentcolor;
  }
}
```

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* This feature is closely related to the Mozilla-specific[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")values`-moz-win-accentcolor`and`-moz-win-accentcolortext`, which allow you to access the Windows accent and overlaid text accent colors from CSS.



