---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/-moz-windows-default-theme
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





**Note**: Since[Firefox 58]36457 ""), this media feature is no longer available to web content — it is only available internally (e.g. to XUL / chrome code). See[bug 1396066]36458 "FIXED: Avoid exposing :-moz-system-metric stuff in content pages.")for more details.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index.")</dt><dd>If the user is using one of the default Windows themes—Luna, Royale, Zune, or Aero (including Vista Basic, Vista Advanced, and Aero Glass)—this is 1. Otherwise it&#39;s 0.</dd></dl>

<br></br>**Media:**[`media/visual`]34216 "The @media CSS at-rule associates a set of nested statements, in a CSS block that is delimited by curly braces, with a condition defined by a media query. The @media at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.")<br></br>**Accepts min/max prefixes:**no


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* This feature corresponds to the[`:-moz-system-metric(windows-default-theme)`]32968 "The :-moz-system-metric(windows-default-theme) CSS pseudo-class matches an element if the user is currently using one of the following themes in Windows: Luna, Royale, Zune, or Aero (i.e., Vista Basic, Vista Standard, or Aero Glass). This will exclude Windows Classic themes as well as third-party themes.")CSS[pseudo-class]28374 "").



