---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@viewport/height
---





The`**height**`CSS descriptor is a shorthand descriptor for setting both[`min-height`]30486 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")and[`max-height`]30487 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")of the viewport. by providing one viewport length value will set both, the minimum height and the maximum height, to the value provided.



If two viewport values are provided, the first value will set the minimum height and the second value will set the maximum height.


Related[at-rule]4443 "") | [`@viewport`]30488 "The @viewport CSS at-rule lets you configure the viewport through which the document is viewed. It's primarily used for mobile devices, but is also used by desktop browsers that support features like "snap to edge" (such as Microsoft Edge).") 
[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height."):`0`
* [`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height."):`none` 
Percentages | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height."): The percentage is calculated with respect to the height of the generated box&#39;s containing block. If the height of the containing block is not specified explicitly (i.e., it depends on content height), and this element is not absolutely positioned, the percentage value is treated as`0`.
* [`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height."): The percentage is calculated with respect to the height of the generated box&#39;s containing block. If the height of the containing block is not specified explicitly (i.e., it depends on content height), and this element is not absolutely positioned, the percentage value is treated as`none`. 
Media | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`visual`]30489 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB!
* [`continuous`]30490 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB! 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length
* [`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length or`none` 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* One value */
height: auto;
height: 320px;
height: 15em;

/* Two values */
height: 320px 200px;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The used value is calculated from the other CSS descriptors&#39; values.</dd><dt id=''>`<length>`</dt><dd>A non-negative absolute or relative length.</dd><dt id=''>`<percentage>`</dt><dd>A percentage value relative to the width or height of the initial viewport at zoom factor 1.0, for horizontal and vertical lengths respectively. Must be non-negative.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<viewport-length>{1,2}where <viewport-length> = auto | <length-percentage>where <length-percentage> = <length> | <percentage>

```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
@viewport {
  height: 500px;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Device Adaptation<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&quot;height&quot; descriptor&#39; in that specification.</small>]30491 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>



