---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-limit
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**-ms-scroll-limit**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies values for the[`-ms-scroll-limit-x-min`]33366 "The -ms-scroll-limit-x-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the scrollLeft property."),[`-ms-scroll-limit-y-min`]33368 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the scrollTop property."),[`-ms-scroll-limit-x-max`]33365 "The -ms-scroll-limit-x-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the scrollLeft property."), and[`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`]33367 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the scrollTop property.")properties.


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-scroll-limit-x-min`]33366 "The -ms-scroll-limit-x-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the scrollLeft property."):`0`
* [`-ms-scroll-limit-y-min`]33368 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the scrollTop property."):`0`
* [`-ms-scroll-limit-x-max`]33365 "The -ms-scroll-limit-x-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the scrollLeft property."):`auto`
* [`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`]33367 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the scrollTop property."):`auto` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-scroll-limit-x-min`]33366 "The -ms-scroll-limit-x-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the scrollLeft property."): as specified
* [`-ms-scroll-limit-y-min`]33368 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the scrollTop property."): as specified
* [`-ms-scroll-limit-x-max`]33365 "The -ms-scroll-limit-x-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the scrollLeft property."): as specified
* [`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`]33367 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the scrollTop property."): as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`-ms-scroll-limit`property is specified as one or more of the following scroll limit values, in the order listed, separated by spaces.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`-ms-scroll-limit-x-min`</dt><dd>

The value of the[`-ms-scroll-limit-x-min`]33366 "The -ms-scroll-limit-x-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the scrollLeft property.")property.

</dd><dt id=''>`-ms-scroll-limit-y-min`</dt><dd>

The value of the[`-ms-scroll-limit-y-min`]33368 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the scrollTop property.")property.

</dd><dt id=''>`-ms-scroll-limit-x-max`</dt><dd>

The value of the[`-ms-scroll-limit-x-max`]33365 "The -ms-scroll-limit-x-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the scrollLeft property.")property.

</dd><dt id=''>`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`</dt><dd>

The value of the[`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`]33367 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the scrollTop property.")property.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  <'-ms-scroll-limit-x-min'> <'-ms-scroll-limit-y-min'> <'-ms-scroll-limit-x-max'> <'-ms-scroll-limit-y-max'>

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property has no effect on non-scrollable elements.



The specified behavior of the`-ms-scroll-limit`property is only applicable at a[`mscontentzoomfactor`]37351 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")of 1; the behavior of this property is undefined at other zoom factors.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




