---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-limit-y-max
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies the maximum value for the[`Element.scrollTop`]36772 "The Element.scrollTop property gets or sets the number of pixels that an element's content is scrolled vertically. ")property.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>

The maximum value for the`scrollTop`property is equal to[`Element.scrollHeight`]37363 "The Element.scrollHeight read-only property is a measurement of the height of an element's content, including content not visible on the screen due to overflow.").

</dd><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>

The maximum value for the`scrollTop`property.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  auto | <length>

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property has no effect on non-scrollable elements.



The specified behavior of the`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`property is only applicable at a[`mscontentzoomfactor`]37351 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")of 1; the behavior of this property is undefined at other zoom factors.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




