---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-chaining
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The`**-ms-scroll-chaining**`[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies the scrolling behavior that occurs when a user hits the scroll limit during a manipulation.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `chained` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`chained`</dt><dd>

Initial value. The nearest scrollable parent element begins scrolling when the user hits a scroll limit during any manipulation. No bounce effect is shown.

</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

A bounce effect is shown when the user hits a scroll limit during any manipulation.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  chained | none

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following example illustrates the`-ms-scroll-chaining`property in use. In this case the image container has its`-ms-scroll-chaining property`set to`chained`, which means that when a user is scrolling through a nested scrollable element and it hits its boundary the parent scrollable element will begin to scroll in the same direction. Had the`-ms-scroll-chaining`property been set to`none`, the user would observe a bounce effect when the nested element reaches its boundary. For more information, see[HTML scrolling, panning and zooming sample]37346 "")or Internet Explorer 10[Scrolling, panning, and zooming with touch]37347 "").


```
.imageContainer {
  -ms-scroll-chaining: chained;
  -ms-overflow-style: none;
  -ms-content-zooming: zoom;
  -ms-scroll-rails: none;
  -ms-content-zoom-limit-min: 100%;
  -ms-content-zoom-limit-max: 500%;
  -ms-scroll-snap-type: proximity;
  -ms-scroll-snap-points-x: snapList(100%, 200%, 300%, 400%, 500%);
  -ms-overflow-style: none;
  width: 480px;
  height: 270px;
  overflow: auto;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property only applies to touch and touchpad input. For keyboard input the scroll does not chain regardless of the`–ms-scroll-chaining`value, and for mouse input the scroll will always chain up to the nearest scrollable ancestor element.



This property has no effect on non-scrollable elements.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




