---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-underline-position
---





The**`text-underline-position`**[CSS]28421 "")property specifies the position of the underline which is set using the[`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")property&#39;s`underline`value.


```
/* Single keyword */
text-underline-position: auto;
text-underline-position: under;
text-underline-position: left;
text-underline-position: right;

/* Multiple keywords */
text-underline-position: under left;
text-underline-position: right under;

/* Global values */
text-underline-position: inherit;
text-underline-position: initial;
text-underline-position: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")will use its own algorithm to place the line at or under the alphabetic baseline.</dd><dt id=''>`under`</dt><dd>Forces the line to be set below the alphabetic baseline, at a position where it won&#39;t cross any descenders. This is useful for ensuring legibility with chemical and mathematical formulas, which make a large use of subscripts.</dd><dt id=''>`left`</dt><dd>In vertical writing-modes, this keyword forces the line to be placed on the*left*side of the text. In horizontal writing-modes, it is a synonym of`under`.</dd><dt id=''>`right`</dt><dd>In vertical writing-modes, this keyword forces the line to be placed on the*right*side of the text. In horizontal writing-modes, it is a synonym of`under`.</dd><dt id=''>`auto-pos`<i></i></dt><dd>A synonym of`auto`, which should be used instead.</dd><dt id=''>`above`<i></i></dt><dd>Forces the line to be above the text. When used with East-Asian text, using the`auto`keyword will lead to a similar effect.</dd><dt id=''>`below`<i></i></dt><dd>Forces the line to be below the text. When used with alphabetic text, using the`auto`keyword will lead to a similar effect.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | [ under || [ left | right ] ]
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


Because the`text-underline-position`property inherits and is not reset by the[`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")shorthand property, it may be appropriate to set its value at a global level. For example, the`under`value may be appropriate for a document with lots of chemical and mathematical formulas, which make a large use of subscripts.


```
:root {
  text-underline-position: under;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Text Decoration Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;text-underline-position&#39; in that specification.</small>]32289 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
`under` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`left`and`right` | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
`above`and`below`<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
`auto-pos`<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")property is a shorthand for setting most text-decoration properties, including[`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element."),[`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."), and[`text-decoration-style`]33011 "The text-decoration-style CSS property sets the style of the lines specified by text-decoration-line. The style applies to all lines that are specified; there is no way to define different styles for each of the lines defined by text-decoration-line."). However, it does not set`text-underline-position`.
* Microsoft[non-standard values documentation]32290 "")



