---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-box
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%36263#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`transform-box`**CSS property defines the layout box to which the[`transform`]6321 "The transform CSS property lets you rotate, scale, skew, or translate a given element. This is achieved by modifying the coordinate space of the CSS visual formatting model.")and[`transform-origin`]31858 "The transform-origin CSS property sets the origin for an element's transformations.")properties relate.


```
/* Keyword values */
transform-box: border-box;
transform-box: fill-box;
transform-box: view-box;

/* Global values */
transform-box: inherit;
transform-box: initial;
transform-box: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `border-box` 
Applies to | transformable elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`transform-box`property is specified as one of the keyword values listed below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`border-box`</dt><dd>The border box is used as the reference box. The reference box of a[`<table>`]31806 "The HTML <table> element represents tabular data — that is, information presented in a two-dimensional table comprised of rows and columns of cells containing data.")is the border box of its table wrapper box, not its table box.</dd><dt id=''>`fill-box`</dt><dd>The object bounding box is used as the reference box.</dd><dt id=''>`view-box`</dt><dd>The nearest[SVG]446 "SVG: Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is a 2D vector image format based on an XML syntax.")viewport is used as the reference box. If a`[viewBox]18156 "")`attribute is specified for the SVG viewport creating element, the reference box is positioned at the origin of the coordinate system established by the`viewBox`attribute, and the dimension of the reference box is set to the width and height values of the`viewBox`attribute.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
border-box | fill-box | view-box
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Transforms Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;transform-box&#39; in that specification.</small>]32362 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>64 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>64 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>64 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using CSS transforms]26292 "/en-US/docs/CSS/Using_CSS_transforms")
* [`transform`]6321 "The transform CSS property lets you rotate, scale, skew, or translate a given element. This is achieved by modifying the coordinate space of the CSS visual formatting model."),[`transform-origin`]31858 "The transform-origin CSS property sets the origin for an element's transformations.")



