---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/touch-action
---





The**`touch-action`**CSS property specifies whether, and in what ways, a given region can be manipulated by the user via a touchscreen (for instance, by panning or zooming features built into the browser).


```
/* Keyword values */
touch-action: auto;
touch-action: none;
touch-action: pan-x;
touch-action: pan-left;
touch-action: pan-right;
touch-action: pan-y;
touch-action: pan-up;
touch-action: pan-down;
touch-action: pinch-zoom;
touch-action: manipulation;

/* Global values */
touch-action: inherit;
touch-action: initial;
touch-action: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements except: non-replaced inline elements, table rows, row groups, table columns, and column groups 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 



By default, panning (scrolling) and pinching gestures are handled exclusively by the browser. An application using[`Pointer_events`]26608 "Most of today's web content assumes the user's pointing device will be a mouse. However, since many devices support other types of pointing input devices, such as pen/stylus and touch surfaces, extensions to the existing pointing device event models are needed and pointer events address that need.")will receive a`[pointercancel]32317 "")`event when the browser starts handling a touch gesture. By explicitly specifying which gestures should be handled by the browser, an application can supply its own behavior in`[pointermove]38606 "")`and`[pointerup]32319 "")`listeners for the remaining gestures. Applications using[`Touch_events`]38607 "In order to provide quality support for touch-based user interfaces, touch events offer the ability to interpret finger (or stylus) activity on touch screens or trackpads.")disable the browser handling of gestures by calling[`preventDefault()`]5184 "The Event interface's preventDefault() method tells the user agent that if the event does not get explicitly handled, its default action should not be taken as it normally would be. The event continues to propagate as usual, unless one of its event listeners calls stopPropagation() or stopImmediatePropagation(), either of which terminates propagation at once."), but should also use`touch-action`to ensure the browser knows the intent of the application before any event listeners have been invoked.



When a gesture is started, the browser intersects the`touch-action`values of the touched element and all its ancestors up to the one that implements the gesture (in other words, the first containing scrolling element). This means that in practice,`touch-action`is typically applied only to individual elements which have some custom behavior, without needing to specify`touch-action`explicitly on any of that element&#39;s descendants. After a gesture has started, changes to**touch-action**values will not have any impact on the behavior of the current gesture.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`touch-action`property may be specified as either:


* any one of the keywords`[auto](%36262#auto "")`,`[none](%36262#none "")`,`[manipulation](%36262#manipulation "")`,*or*
* one of the keywords`[pan-x](%36262#pan-x "")`,`[pan-left](%36262#pan-keywords "")`,`[pan-right](%36262#pan-keywords "")`, and/or one of the keywords`[pan-y](%36262#pan-y "")`,`[pan-up](%36262#pan-keywords "")`,`[pan-down](%36262#pan-keywords "")`, plus optionally the keyword`[pinch-zoom](%36262# "")`.

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id='auto'>`auto`</dt><dd>Enable browser handling of all panning and zooming gestures.</dd><dt id='none'>`none`</dt><dd>Disable browser handling of all panning and zooming gestures.</dd><dt id='pan-x'>`pan-x`</dt><dd>Enable single-finger horizontal panning gestures. May be combined with**pan-y, pan-up,****pan-down**and/or**pinch-zoom**.</dd><dt id='pan-y'>`pan-y`</dt><dd>Enable single-finger vertical panning gestures. May be combined with**pan-x, pan-left,****pan-right**and/or**pinch-zoom**.</dd><dt id='manipulation'>`manipulation`</dt><dd>Enable panning and pinch zoom gestures, but disable additional non-standard gestures such as double-tap to zoom. Disabling double-tap to zoom removes the need for browsers to delay the generation of**click**events when the user taps the screen. This is an alias for &quot;**pan-x pan-y pinch-zoom**&quot; (which, for compatibility, is itself still valid).</dd></dl><dl><dt id='pan-keywords'>`pan-left`,`pan-right`,`pan-up`,`pan-down`<i></i></dt><dd>Enable single-finger gestures that begin by scrolling in the given direction(s). Once scrolling has started, the direction may still be reversed. Note that scrolling &quot;up&quot; (**pan-up**) means that the user is dragging their finger downward on the screen surface, and likewise**pan-left**means the user is dragging their finger to the right. Multiple directions may be combined except when there is a simpler representation (for example,**&quot;****pan-left pan-right**&quot; is invalid since &quot;**pan-x**&quot; is simpler, but &quot;**pan-left pan-down**&quot; is valid).</dd><dt id='pinch-zoom'>`pinch-zoom`</dt><dd>Enable multi-finger panning and zooming of the page. This may be combined with any of the**pan-**values.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | none | [ [ pan-x | pan-left | pan-right ] || [ pan-y | pan-up | pan-down ] || pinch-zoom ] | manipulation
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The most common usage is to disable all gestures on an element (and its non-scrollable descendants) that provides its own dragging and zooming behavior – such as a map or game surface.


```
#map {
  touch-action: none;
}
```


Another common pattern is that of an image carousel which uses pointer events to handle horizontal panning, but doesn&#39;t want to interfere with vertical scrolling or zooming of the document.


```
.image-carousel {
  width: 100%;
  height: 150px;
  touch-action: pan-y pinch-zoom;
}
```


**touch-action**is also often used to completely disable the delay of**click**events caused by support for the double-tap to zoom gesture.


```
html {
  touch-action: manipulation;
}
```

## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


A declaration of`touch action: none;`may inhibit operating a browser&#39;s zooming capabilities. This will prevent people experiencing low vision conditions from being able to read and understand page content.


* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.4 explanations]30213 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 1.4.4 | Understanding WCAG 2.0]30475 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Compatibility Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;touch-action&#39; in that specification.</small>]32327 "") | Living Standard | Added`pinch-zoom`property value. 
[Pointer Events – Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;touch-action&#39; in that specification.</small>]32328 "") | Working Draft | Added`pan-left`,`pan-right`,`pan-up`,`pan-down`property values. 
[Pointer Events<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;touch-action&#39; in that specification.</small>]32329 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`manipulation` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`double-tap-zoom`<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
`pinch-zoom` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
`pan-up`,`pan-down`,`pan-left`and`pan-right` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Pointer Events`]26608 "Most of today's web content assumes the user's pointing device will be a mouse. However, since many devices support other types of pointing input devices, such as pen/stylus and touch surfaces, extensions to the existing pointing device event models are needed and pointer events address that need.")
* WebKit Blog[More Responsive Tapping on iOS]32335 "Permanent Link: More Responsive Tapping on iOS")
* Google Developers Blog[Making touch scrolling fast by default]38615 "")
* [Scroll Snap]38616 "")



