---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FileSystemFileEntry/file
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26934 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26935 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%11217#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The[`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file.")interface&#39;s method`**file**`**`()`**returns a[`File`]6863 "The File interface provides information about files and allows JavaScript in a web page to access their content.")object which can be used to read data from the file represented by the directory entry.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
FileSystemFileEntry.file(successCallback[, errorCallback]);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`successCallback`</dt><dd>A callback function which is called when the[`File`]6863 "The File interface provides information about files and allows JavaScript in a web page to access their content.")has been created successfully; the`File`is passed into the callback as the only parameter.</dd><dt id=''>`errorCallback`Optional</dt><dd>If provided, this must be a method which is called when an error occurs while trying to create the[`File`]6863 "The File interface provides information about files and allows JavaScript in a web page to access their content."). This callback receives as input a[`FileError`]11192 "Represents an error that occurs while using the FileReader interface.")object describing the error.</dd></dl>

Editor&#39;s note: We need to find out what kinds of errors can occur and document them.



### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


[`undefined`]14139 "The global undefined property represents the primitive value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.").


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example establishes a method,`readFile()`, reads a text file and calls a specified callback function with the received text (in a[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters.")object) once the read is completed. If an error occurs, a specified (optional) error callback is called.


```
function readFile(entry, successCallback, errorCallback) {
  entry.file(function(file) {
    let reader = new FileReader();

    reader.onload = function() {
      successCallback(reader.result);
    };

    reader.onerror = function() {
      errorCallback(reader.error);
    }

    reader.readAsText(file);
  }, errorCallback);
}
```


This function calls`file()`, specifying as its success callback a method which proceeds to use a[`FileReader`]26894 "The FileReader object lets web applications asynchronously read the contents of files (or raw data buffers) stored on the user's computer, using File or Blob objects to specify the file or data to read.")to read the file as text. The FileReader&#39;s`[load]8808 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/load")`event handler is set up to deliver the loaded string to the`successCallback`specified when the`readFile()`method was called; similarly, its`[error]8746 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/error")`handler is set up to call the`errorCallback`specified.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[File and Directory Entries API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;file()&#39; in that specification.</small>]26937 "") | Draft | Initial specification. 



This API has no official W3C or WHATWG specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>13 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [File and Directory Entries API]6832 "")
* [Introduction to the File System API]11153 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [File]10930 "")
* [File and Directory Entries API]11166 "")
* [File System API]7246 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [FileSystemFileEntry]26938 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[cdl]26939 ""),[kocoten1992]26940 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jul 11, 2018, 8:20:28 AM</time>


