---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-remote-fd
---


## [](%24768 "")NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-remote-fd - Reflect smart transport stream back to caller





## [](%24769 "")SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>


&quot;fd::&lt;infd&gt;[,&lt;outfd&gt;][/&lt;anything&gt;]&quot; (as URL)





## [](%24770 "")DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


This helper uses specified file descriptors to connect to a remote Git server. This is not meant for end users but for programs and scripts calling git fetch, push or archive.




If only &lt;infd&gt; is given, it is assumed to be a bidirectional socket connected to remote Git server (git-upload-pack, git-receive-pack or git-upload-archive). If both &lt;infd&gt; and &lt;outfd&gt; are given, they are assumed to be pipes connected to a remote Git server (&lt;infd&gt; being the inbound pipe and &lt;outfd&gt; being the outbound pipe.




It is assumed that any handshaking procedures have already been completed (such as sending service request for git://) before this helper is started.




&lt;anything&gt; can be any string. It is ignored. It is meant for providing information to user in the URL in case that URL is displayed in some context.





## [](%24771 "")ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES<a name="_environment_variables"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-remote-fd-GITTRANSLOOPDEBUG'>[](%24772 "")GIT_TRANSLOOP_DEBUG</dt><dd>

If set, prints debugging information about various reads/writes.

</dd></dl>



## [](%24773 "")EXAMPLES<a name="_examples"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-remote-fd-codegitfetchfd17mastercode'>[](%24774 "")`git fetch fd::17 master`</dt><dd>

Fetch master, using file descriptor #17 to communicate with git-upload-pack.

</dd><dt id='git-remote-fd-codegitfetchfd17foomastercode'>[](%24775 "")`git fetch fd::17/foo master`</dt><dd>

Same as above.

</dd><dt id='git-remote-fd-codegitpushfd78masterasURLcode'>[](%24776 "")`git push fd::7,8 master (as URL)`</dt><dd>

Push master, using file descriptor #7 to read data from git-receive-pack and file descriptor #8 to write data to same service.

</dd><dt id='git-remote-fd-codegitpushfd78barmastercode'>[](%24777 "")`git push fd::7,8/bar master`</dt><dd>

Same as above.

</dd></dl>



## [](%24778 "")SEE ALSO<a name="_see_also"></a>


[gitremote-helpers[1]](%6457 "")





## [](%24779 "")GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248 "")suite





