---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/height
---





The**`height`**CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the[content area]30473 ""). If[`box-sizing`]32988 "The box-sizing CSS property defines how the user agent should calculate the total width and height of an element.")is set to`border-box`, however, it instead determines the height of the[border area]30474 "").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/height.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


The[`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")properties override[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword value */
height: auto;

/* <length> values */
height: 120px;
height: 10em;

/* <percentage> value */
height: 75%;

/* Global values */
height: inherit;
height: initial;
height: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>Defines the height as an absolute value.</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>Defines the height as a percentage of containing block&#39;s height.</dd><dt id=''>`border-box`<i></i></dt><dd>If present, the preceding[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")or[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")is applied to the element&#39;s border box.</dd><dt id=''>`content-box`<i></i></dt><dd>If present, the preceding[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")or[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")is applied to the element&#39;s content box.</dd><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The browser will calculate and select a height for the specified element.</dd><dt id=''>`fill`<i></i></dt><dd>Use the`fill-available`inline size or`fill-available`block size, as appropriate to the writing mode.</dd><dt id=''>`max-content`<i></i></dt><dd>The intrinsic preferred height.</dd><dt id=''>`min-content`<i></i></dt><dd>The intrinsic minimum height.</dd><dt id=''>`available`<i></i></dt><dd>The containing block height minus vertical margin, border and padding.</dd><dt id=''>`fit-content`<i></i></dt><dd>The larger of:
* the intrinsic minimum height
* the smaller of the intrinsic preferred height and the available height
</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <length> | <percentage> ] && [ border-box | content-box ]? | available | min-content | max-content | fit-content | auto
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div id="taller">I'm 50 pixels tall.</div>
<div id="shorter">I'm 25 pixels tall.</div>
<div id="parent">
  <div id="child">
    I'm half the height of my parent.
  </div>
</div>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
div {
  width: 250px;
  margin-bottom: 5px;
  border: 2px solid blue;
}

#taller {
  height: 50px;
}

#shorter {
  height: 25px;
}

#parent {
  height: 100px;
}

#child {
  height: 50%;
  width: 75%;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/height$samples/Example?revision=1389822' width='auto' height='240'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


Ensure that elements set with a`height`are not truncated and/or do not obscure other content when the page is zoomed to increase text size.


* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.4 explanations]30213 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 1.4.4 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]30475 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Basic Box Model<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;height&#39; in that specification.</small>]33889 "") | Working Draft | Added the`max-content`,`min-content`,`available`,`fit-content`,`border-box`,`content-box`keywords. 
[CSS Transitions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;height&#39; in that specification.</small>]29205 "") | Working Draft | Lists`height`as animatable. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;height&#39; in that specification.</small>]30477 "") | Recommendation | Adds support for the[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")values and precises on which element it applies to. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;height&#39; in that specification.</small>]30478 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 
[CSS Intrinsic &amp; Extrinsic Sizing Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;width&#39; in that specification.</small>]30479 "") | Working Draft | Adds new sizing keywords for width and height. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements but non-replaced inline elements, table columns, and column groups 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | The percentage is calculated with respect to the height of the generated box&#39;s containing block. If the height of the containing block is not specified explicitly (i.e., it depends on content height), and this element is not absolutely positioned, the value computes to`auto`. A percentage height on the root element is relative to the initial containing block. 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | a percentage or`auto`or the absolute length 
Animation type | a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers."),[percentage](%4567#Interpolation "Values of the <percentage> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.")or calc(); 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`fill` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
`fit-content` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
`max-content` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
`min-content` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [box model]29276 ""),[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area."),[`box-sizing`]32988 "The box-sizing CSS property defines how the user agent should calculate the total width and height of an element."),[`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height."),[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")



