---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-high-contrast
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The**-ms-high-contrast**[CSS]427 "")[@media]14285 "")media feature is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that describes whether the application is being displayed in high contrast mode, and with what color variation.



This media feature applies to bitmap media types. It does not accept*min/max*prefixes.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The**`-ms-high-contrast`**media feature is specified as one of the following values.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`active`</dt><dd>

Indicates that the subsequent styling rules will be applied when the system is placed in high contrast mode with any color variation.

</dd><dt id=''>`black-on-white`</dt><dd>

Indicates that the subsequent styling rules will be applied when the system is placed in high contrast mode with a black-on-white color variation.

</dd><dt id=''>`white-on-black`</dt><dd>

Indicates that the subsequent styling rules will be applied when the system is placed in high contrast mode with a white-on-black color variation.

</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following declarations will match applications that are being displayed in high contrast mode with any color variation, a black-on-white color variation, and a white-on-black color variation, respectively.


```
@media screen and (-ms-high-contrast: active) {
  /* All high contrast styling rules */
}
@media screen and (-ms-high-contrast: black-on-white) {
  div { background-image: url('image-bw.png'); }
}
@media screen and (-ms-high-contrast: white-on-black) {
  div { background-image: url('image-wb.png'); }
}
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


As of Microsoft Edge,**-ms-high-contrast: none**is no longer supported.



The**-ms-high-contrast**media feature works with the[`-ms-high-contrast-adjust`]33349 "The -ms-high-contrast-adjust CSS property is a Microsoft extension that gets or sets a value that indicates whether to override any CSS properties that would have been set in high contrast mode.")property.



The**-ms-high-contrast**media feature was introduced in Windows 8.




