---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-webkit-input-placeholder
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The non-standard proprietary**`::-webkit-input-placeholder`**[pseudo-element]3563 "")represents the[placeholder text]31629 "")of a form element. This allows web developers and theme designers to customize the appearance of placeholder text. This pseudo-class is only supported by WebKit and Blink.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<input placeholder="Type something here...">
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
input::-webkit-input-placeholder {
  color: green;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::-webkit-input-placeholder$samples/Example?revision=1302429' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification. This pseudo-element is proprietary and specific to WebKit and Blink.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | (Yes) | No support | No support | (Yes) | (Yes) 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`::placeholder`]33705 "The ::placeholder CSS pseudo-element represents the placeholder text of a form element.")
* [`::-moz-placeholder`]33067 "The ::-moz-placeholder CSS pseudo-element is a Mozilla extension that represents any form element displaying placeholder text. This lets you customize the appearance of the placeholder text, which is a translucent gray color by default.")
* [`:-ms-input-placeholder`]35707 "The non-standard proprietary :-ms-input-placeholder pseudo-class represents the placeholder text of a form element. This allows web developers and theme designers to customize the appearance of placeholder text. This pseudo-class is only supported by Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge.")
* [Forms in HTML]31635 "")
* [`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")
* [`<textarea>`]25792 "The HTML <textarea> element represents a multi-line plain-text editing control.")



