---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex#%3C%27flex-grow%27%3E
---





The**`flex`**[CSS]28421 "CSS")property specifies how a flex item will grow or shrink so as to fit the space available in its flex container. This is a[shorthand]28797 "")property that sets[`flex-grow`]34903 "The flex-grow CSS property specifies the flex grow factor of a flex item. It specifies what amount of space inside the flex container the item should take up. The flex grow factor of a flex item is relative to the size of the other children in the flex-container."),[`flex-shrink`]34904 "The flex-shrink CSS property specifies the flex shrink factor of a flex item. Flex items will shrink to fill the container according to the flex-shrink number, when the default size of flex items is larger than the flex container."), and[`flex-basis`]34900 "The flex-basis CSS property specifies the initial main size of a flex item. This property determines the size of the content-box unless specified otherwise using box-sizing.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/flex.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


For most purposes, authors should set`flex`to one of the following values:`auto`,`initial`,`none`, or a positive unitless number. To see the effect of these values, try resizing the flex containers below:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex$samples/flex?revision=1385083' width='1200' height='370'></iframe>

<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The item is sized according to its`width`and`height`properties, but grows to absorb any extra free space in the flex container, and shrinks to its minimum size to fit the container. This is equivalent to setting &quot;`flex: 1 1 auto`&quot;.</dd><dt id=''>`initial`</dt><dd>This is the default value. The item is sized according to its`width`and`height`properties. It shrinks to its minimum size to fit the container, but does not grow to absorb any extra free space in the flex container. This is equivalent to setting &quot;`flex: 0 1 auto`&quot;.</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>The item is sized according to its`width`and`height`properties. It is fully inflexible: it neither shrinks nor grows in relation to the flex container. This is equivalent to setting &quot;`flex: 0 0 auto`&quot;.</dd><dt id=''>`<positive-number>`</dt><dd>The item is given the specified proportion of the free space in the container. This is equivalent to setting &quot;`flex: <positive-number> 1 0`&quot;.</dd></dl>

By default flex items don&#39;t shrink below their minimum content size. To change this, set the item&#39;s[`min-width`]14279 "The min-width CSS property sets the minimum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-width.")or[`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height.").



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Basic values */
flex: auto;
flex: initial;
flex: none;
flex: 2;

/* One value, unitless number: flex-grow */
flex: 2;

/* One value, width/height: flex-basis */
flex: 10em;
flex: 30px;

/* Two values: flex-grow | flex-basis */
flex: 1 30px;

/* Two values: flex-grow | flex-shrink */
flex: 2 2;

/* Three values: flex-grow | flex-shrink | flex-basis */
flex: 2 2 10%;

/* Global values */
flex: inherit;
flex: initial;
flex: unset;
```


The`flex`property may be specified using one, two, or three values.



**One-value syntax**: the value must be one of:


* a unitless[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."): then it is interpreted as`[&lt;flex-grow&gt;]37864 "")`.
* a valid value for[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area."): then it is interpreted as`[&lt;flex-basis&gt;]37865 "")`.
* one of the keyword values`[none](%33917#none "")`,`auto`, or`initial`.


**Two-value syntax**: the first value must be a unitless[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")and it is interpreted as`[&lt;flex-grow&gt;]37864 "")`. The second value must be one of:


* a unitless[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."): then it is interpreted as`[&lt;flex-shrink&gt;]37867 "")`.
* a valid value for[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area."): then it is interpreted as`[&lt;flex-basis&gt;]37865 "")`.


**Three-value syntax:**


* the first value must be a unitless[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")and it is interpreted as`[&lt;flex-grow&gt;]37864 "")`.
* the second value must be a unitless[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")and it is interpreted as`[&lt;flex-shrink&gt;]37864 "")`.
* the third value must be a valid value for[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")and is interpreted as`[&lt;flex-basis&gt;]37865 "")`.

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''></dt><dd>Defines the[`flex-grow`]34903 "The flex-grow CSS property specifies the flex grow factor of a flex item. It specifies what amount of space inside the flex container the item should take up. The flex grow factor of a flex item is relative to the size of the other children in the flex-container.")of the flex item. See[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")for more details. Negative values are considered invalid. Defaults to`1`when omitted.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>Defines the[`flex-shrink`]34904 "The flex-shrink CSS property specifies the flex shrink factor of a flex item. Flex items will shrink to fill the container according to the flex-shrink number, when the default size of flex items is larger than the flex container.")of the flex item. See[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")for more details. Negative values are considered invalid. Defaults to`1`when omitted.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>Defines the[`flex-basis`]34900 "The flex-basis CSS property specifies the initial main size of a flex item. This property determines the size of the content-box unless specified otherwise using box-sizing.")of the flex item. Any value valid for`width`and`height`properties are accepted. A preferred size of`0`must have a unit to avoid being interpreted as a flexibility. Defaults to`0`when omitted.</dd><dt id=''></dt><dd>This keyword computes to`0 0 auto`.</dd></dl>

When using one or two unitless values, flex-basis changes from auto to 0. More information can be found in the draft for the[Flexible Box Layout Module.]29960 "")


<dl><dt id=''>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>
</dt></dl>
```
none | [ <'flex-grow'> <'flex-shrink'>? || <'flex-basis'> ]
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
#flex-container {
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: row;
}

#flex-container > .flex-item {
  flex: auto;
}

#flex-container > .raw-item {
  width: 5rem;
}
```

```
<div id="flex-container">
  <div class="flex-item" id="flex">Flex box (click to toggle raw box)</div>
  <div class="raw-item" id="raw">Raw box</div>
</div>
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/flex$samples/Example?revision=1385083' width='100%' height='60'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Flexible Box Layout Module<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;flex&#39; in that specification.</small>]29961 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`flex-grow`]34903 "The flex-grow CSS property specifies the flex grow factor of a flex item. It specifies what amount of space inside the flex container the item should take up. The flex grow factor of a flex item is relative to the size of the other children in the flex-container."):`0`
* [`flex-shrink`]34904 "The flex-shrink CSS property specifies the flex shrink factor of a flex item. Flex items will shrink to fill the container according to the flex-shrink number, when the default size of flex items is larger than the flex container."):`1`
* [`flex-basis`]34900 "The flex-basis CSS property specifies the initial main size of a flex item. This property determines the size of the content-box unless specified otherwise using box-sizing."):`auto` 
Applies to | flex items, including in-flow pseudo-elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`flex-grow`]34903 "The flex-grow CSS property specifies the flex grow factor of a flex item. It specifies what amount of space inside the flex container the item should take up. The flex grow factor of a flex item is relative to the size of the other children in the flex-container."): as specified
* [`flex-shrink`]34904 "The flex-shrink CSS property specifies the flex shrink factor of a flex item. Flex items will shrink to fill the container according to the flex-shrink number, when the default size of flex items is larger than the flex container."): as specified
* [`flex-basis`]34900 "The flex-basis CSS property specifies the initial main size of a flex item. This property determines the size of the content-box unless specified otherwise using box-sizing."): as specified, but with relative lengths converted into absolute lengths 
Animation type | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`flex-grow`]34903 "The flex-grow CSS property specifies the flex grow factor of a flex item. It specifies what amount of space inside the flex container the item should take up. The flex grow factor of a flex item is relative to the size of the other children in the flex-container."): a[number](%4564#Interpolation "Values of the <number> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point, numbers.")
* [`flex-shrink`]34904 "The flex-shrink CSS property specifies the flex shrink factor of a flex item. Flex items will shrink to fill the container according to the flex-shrink number, when the default size of flex items is larger than the flex container."): a[number](%4564#Interpolation "Values of the <number> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point, numbers.")
* [`flex-basis`]34900 "The flex-basis CSS property specifies the initial main size of a flex item. This property determines the size of the content-box unless specified otherwise using box-sizing."): a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers."),[percentage](%4567#Interpolation "Values of the <percentage> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.")or calc(); 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>20<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* CSS Flexbox Guide:*[Basic Concepts of Flexbox]31621 "")*
* CSS Flexbox Guide:*[Controlling Ratios of flex items along the main axis]34905 "")*



