---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Uint32x4
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]42624 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]40857 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The**`SIMD.Uint32x4`**data type is a 128-bit vector divided into 4 lanes storing 32-bit unsigned integer values.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Uint32x4(x, y, z, w);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`x`Optional</dt><dd>An integer specifying the value of the first lane. Defaults to 0.</dd><dt id=''>`y`Optional</dt><dd>An integer specifying the value of the second lane. Defaults to 0.</dd><dt id=''>`z`Optional</dt><dd>An integer specifying the value of the third lane. Defaults to 0.</dd><dt id=''>`w`Optional</dt><dd>An integer specifying the value of the fourth lane. Defaults to 0.</dd></dl>
## Constructor functions<a name="Constructor_functions"></a>


In addition to the simple creator function, the SIMD API provides the following constructor functions.

<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.splat()`]42564 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a Uint32x4 with all lanes set to a given value.</dd></dl>

You can also[convert from another SIMD data type to Uint32x4](%40557#Data_conversions "").



**Note:**SIMD types don&#39;t work with`new`, as SIMD values are no &quot;boxed&quot; objects (comparable to`String(s)`vs.`new String(s)`, which creates a String object).


```
var v = new SIMD.Uint32x4(1, 2, 3, 4); 
// TypeError: SIMD.Uint32x4 is not a constructor
var w = new SIMD.Uint32x4.splat(3); 
// TypeError: SIMD.Uint32x4.splat is not a constructor
```


Instead, you just write:


```
var v = SIMD.Uint32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
var w = SIMD.Uint32x4.splat(3);
```


## Operations<a name="Operations"></a>


To actually do something with SIMD types, SIMD operations are needed that work on SIMD data types.


### Checking SIMD types<a name="Checking_SIMD_types"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.check()`]42525 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 if the parameter is a valid Uint32x4 data type. Throws a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")otherwise.</dd></dl>
### Accessing and mutating lanes<a name="Accessing_and_mutating_lanes"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.extractLane()`]42528 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns the value of the given lane.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.replaceLane()`]42559 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the given lane value replaced.</dd></dl>
### Loading from and storing into typed arrays<a name="Loading_from_and_storing_into_typed_arrays"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.load()`]42544 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.load1()`]42544 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.load2()`]42544 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.load3()`]42544 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values loaded from a[typed array]3683 "").</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.store()`]42566 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")<br></br>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.store1()`]42566 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")<br></br>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.store2()`]42566 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")<br></br>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.store3()`]42566 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Stores a Uint32x4 into a[typed array]3683 "").</dd></dl>
### Arithmetic operations<a name="Arithmetic_operations"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.add()`]42521 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values added (`a + b`).</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.mul()`]42549 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values multiplied (`a * b`).</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.neg()`]42550 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the negated lane values.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.sub()`]42567 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values subtracted (`a - b`).</dd><dt id=''>
### Shuffling and swizzling<a name="Shuffling_and_swizzling"></a>
</dt><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.shuffle()`]42563 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values shuffled.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.swizzle()`]42569 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values swizzled.</dd></dl>
### Selections<a name="Selections"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.select()`]42560 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values being a mix of the lanes depending on the selector mask.</dd></dl>
### Comparisons<a name="Comparisons"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.equal()`]42527 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a selection mask depending on`a == b`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.notEqual()`]42552 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a selection mask depending on`a != b`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.lessThan()`]42542 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a selection mask depending on`a < b`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.lessThanOrEqual()`]42543 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a selection mask depending on`a <= b`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.greaterThan()`]42540 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a selection mask depending on`a > b`.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.greaterThanOrEqual()`]42541 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a selection mask depending on`a >= b`.</dd></dl>
### Bitwise logical operations<a name="Bitwise_logical_operations"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.and()`]42524 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the logical AND of the lane values (`a & b`).</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.or()`]42553 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the logical OR of the lane values (`a | b`).</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.xor()`]42570 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the logical XOR of the lane values (`a ^ b`).</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.not()`]42551 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with lane with the logical NOT of the lane values (`~a`).</dd></dl>
### Bitwise shift operations<a name="Bitwise_shift_operations"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.shiftLeftByScalar()`]42561 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values shifted left by a given bit count (`a << bits`).</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.shiftRightByScalar()`]42562 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a new Uint32x4 with the lane values shifted right.</dd></dl>
### Data conversions<a name="Data_conversions"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.fromFloat32x4()`]42529 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a new Uint32x4 data type with a float conversion from a Float32x4.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.fromFloat32x4Bits()`]42530 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a new Uint32x4 data type with a bit-wise copy from a Float32x4.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.fromFloat64x2Bits()`]42531 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a new Uint32x4 data type with a bit-wise copy from a Float64x2.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.fromInt32x4Bits()`]42534 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a new Uint32x4 data type with a bit-wise copy from a Int32x4.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.fromInt16x8Bits()`]42532 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a new Uint32x4 data type with a bit-wise copy from an Int16x8.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.fromInt8x16Bits()`]42535 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a new Uint32x4 data type with a bit-wise copy from an Int8x16.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.fromUint16x8Bits()`]42536 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a new Uint32x4 data type with a bit-wise copy from an Uint16x8.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.fromUint8x16Bits()`]42539 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Creates a new Uint32x4 data type with a bit-wise copy from an Uint8x16.</dd></dl>
## SIMD prototype<a name="SIMD_prototype"></a>


The following methods and properties are installed on the`SIMD.Uint32x4.prototype`.

<dl><dt id=''>`SIMD.Uint32x4.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>Specifies the function that creates a SIMD object&#39;s prototype.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.prototype.toLocaleString()`]42598 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a localized string representing the SIMD type and its elements. Overrides the[`Object.prototype.toLocaleString()`]42216 "The toLocaleString() method returns a string representing the object. This method is meant to be overridden by derived objects for locale-specific purposes.")method.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.prototype.toString()`]42555 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns a string representing the SIMD type and its elements. Overrides the[`Object.prototype.toString()`]22335 "The toString() method returns a string representing the object.")method.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.prototype.valueOf()`]42556 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")</dt><dd>Returns the primitive value of a SIMD object.</dd><dt id=''>[`SIMD.Uint32x4.prototype.toSource()`]42554 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")<i></i></dt><dd>Returns a string representing the source code of the object. Overrides the[`Object.prototype.toSource()`]22333 "The toSource() method returns a string representing the source code of the object.")method.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Constructing a Uint32x4<a name="Constructing_a_Uint32x4"></a>

```
SIMD.Uint32x4(1, 2, 3, 4); // Uint32x4[1, 2, 3, 4]
SIMD.Uint32x4(1, 2);       // Uint32x4[1, 2, 0, 0]
SIMD.Uint32x4();           // Uint32x4[0, 0, 0, 0]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Uint32x4&#39; in that specification.</small>]42626 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



