---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-help
---


## [](%6322 "")NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-help - Display help information about Git





## [](%6324 "")SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git help [-a|--all [--verbose]] [-g|--guide]
	   [-i|--info|-m|--man|-w|--web] [COMMAND|GUIDE]
```




## [](%6325 "")DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


With no options and no COMMAND or GUIDE given, the synopsis of the<em>git</em>command and a list of the most commonly used Git commands are printed on the standard output.




If the option`--all`or`-a`is given, all available commands are printed on the standard output.




If the option`--guide`or`-g`is given, a list of the useful Git guides is also printed on the standard output.




If a command, or a guide, is given, a manual page for that command or guide is brought up. The<em>man</em>program is used by default for this purpose, but this can be overridden by other options or configuration variables.




Note that`git --help ...`is identical to`git help ...`because the former is internally converted into the latter.




To display the[git[1]](%2248 "")man page, use`git help git`.




This page can be displayed with<em>git help help</em>or`git help --help`





## [](%6331 "")OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-help--a'>[](%6332 "")-a</dt><dt id='git-help---all'>[](%6333 "")--all</dt><dd>

Prints all the available commands on the standard output. This option overrides any given command or guide name. When used with`--verbose`print description for all recognized commands.

</dd><dt id='git-help--g'>[](%6334 "")-g</dt><dt id='git-help---guides'>[](%6335 "")--guides</dt><dd>

Prints a list of useful guides on the standard output. This option overrides any given command or guide name.

</dd><dt id='git-help--i'>[](%6336 "")-i</dt><dt id='git-help---info'>[](%6337 "")--info</dt><dd>

Display manual page for the command in the<em>info</em>format. The<em>info</em>program will be used for that purpose.

</dd><dt id='git-help--m'>[](%6338 "")-m</dt><dt id='git-help---man'>[](%6339 "")--man</dt><dd>

Display manual page for the command in the<em>man</em>format. This option may be used to override a value set in the`help.format`configuration variable.



By default the<em>man</em>program will be used to display the manual page, but the`man.viewer`configuration variable may be used to choose other display programs (see below).


</dd><dt id='git-help--w'>[](%6340 "")-w</dt><dt id='git-help---web'>[](%6341 "")--web</dt><dd>

Display manual page for the command in the<em>web</em>(HTML) format. A web browser will be used for that purpose.



The web browser can be specified using the configuration variable`help.browser`, or`web.browser`if the former is not set. If none of these config variables is set, the<em>git web{litdd}browse</em>helper script (called by<em>git help</em>) will pick a suitable default. See[git-web{litdd}browse[1]](%5743 "")for more information about this.


</dd></dl>



## [](%6344 "")CONFIGURATION VARIABLES<a name="_configuration_variables"></a>

### [](%6345 "")help.format<a name="_help_format"></a>


If no command-line option is passed, the`help.format`configuration variable will be checked. The following values are supported for this variable; they make<em>git help</em>behave as their corresponding command- line option:



* &quot;man&quot; corresponds to<em>-m|--man</em>,
* &quot;info&quot; corresponds to<em>-i|--info</em>,
* &quot;web&quot; or &quot;html&quot; correspond to<em>-w|--web</em>.



### [](%6348 "")help.browser, web.browser and browser.&lt;tool&gt;.path<a name="_help_browser_web_browser_and_browser_tool_path"></a>


The`help.browser`,`web.browser`and`browser.<tool>.path`will also be checked if the<em>web</em>format is chosen (either by command-line option or configuration variable). See<em>-w|--web</em>in the OPTIONS section above and[git-web{litdd}browse[1]](%5743 "").




### [](%6349 "")man.viewer<a name="_man_viewer"></a>


The`man.viewer`configuration variable will be checked if the<em>man</em>format is chosen. The following values are currently supported:



* &quot;man&quot;: use the<em>man</em>program as usual,
* &quot;woman&quot;: use<em>emacsclient</em>to launch the &quot;woman&quot; mode in emacs (this only works starting with emacsclient versions 22),
* &quot;konqueror&quot;: use<em>kfmclient</em>to open the man page in a new konqueror tab (see<em>Note about konqueror</em>below).



Values for other tools can be used if there is a corresponding`man.<tool>.cmd`configuration entry (see below).




Multiple values may be given to the`man.viewer`configuration variable. Their corresponding programs will be tried in the order listed in the configuration file.




For example, this configuration:



```
	[man]
		viewer = konqueror
		viewer = woman
```




will try to use konqueror first. But this may fail (for example, if DISPLAY is not set) and in that case emacs&#39; woman mode will be tried.




If everything fails, or if no viewer is configured, the viewer specified in the`GIT_MAN_VIEWER`environment variable will be tried. If that fails too, the<em>man</em>program will be tried anyway.




### [](%6353 "")man.&lt;tool&gt;.path<a name="_man_tool_path"></a>


You can explicitly provide a full path to your preferred man viewer by setting the configuration variable`man.<tool>.path`. For example, you can configure the absolute path to konqueror by setting<em>man.konqueror.path</em>. Otherwise,<em>git help</em>assumes the tool is available in PATH.




### [](%6354 "")man.&lt;tool&gt;.cmd<a name="_man_tool_cmd"></a>


When the man viewer, specified by the`man.viewer`configuration variables, is not among the supported ones, then the corresponding`man.<tool>.cmd`configuration variable will be looked up. If this variable exists then the specified tool will be treated as a custom command and a shell eval will be used to run the command with the man page passed as arguments.




### [](%6355 "")Note about konqueror<a name="_note_about_konqueror"></a>


When<em>konqueror</em>is specified in the`man.viewer`configuration variable, we launch<em>kfmclient</em>to try to open the man page on an already opened konqueror in a new tab if possible.




For consistency, we also try such a trick if<em>man.konqueror.path</em>is set to something like<em>A_PATH_TO/konqueror</em>. That means we will try to launch<em>A_PATH_TO/kfmclient</em>instead.




If you really want to use<em>konqueror</em>, then you can use something like the following:



```
	[man]
		viewer = konq

	[man "konq"]
		cmd = A_PATH_TO/konqueror
```




### [](%6356 "")Note about git config --global<a name="_note_about_git_config_global"></a>


Note that all these configuration variables should probably be set using the`--global`flag, for example like this:



```
$ git config --global help.format web
$ git config --global web.browser firefox
```




as they are probably more user specific than repository specific. See[git-config[1]](%2249 "")for more information about this.






## [](%6359 "")GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248 "")suite





