---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-mergetool
---


## [](%2263#_name "")NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-mergetool - Run merge conflict resolution tools to resolve merge conflicts





## [](%2263#_synopsis "")SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git mergetool [--tool=<tool>] [-y | --[no-]prompt] [<file>…​]
```




## [](%2263#_description "")DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


Use`git mergetool`to run one of several merge utilities to resolve merge conflicts. It is typically run after<em>git merge</em>.




If one or more &lt;file&gt; parameters are given, the merge tool program will be run to resolve differences on each file (skipping those without conflicts). Specifying a directory will include all unresolved files in that path. If no &lt;file&gt; names are specified,<em>git mergetool</em>will run the merge tool program on every file with merge conflicts.





## [](%2263#_options "")OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-mergetool--tlttoolgt'>[](%2263#git-mergetool--tlttoolgt "")-t &lt;tool&gt;</dt><dt id='git-mergetool---toollttoolgt'>[](%2263#git-mergetool---toollttoolgt "")--tool=&lt;tool&gt;</dt><dd>

Use the merge resolution program specified by &lt;tool&gt;. Valid values include emerge, gvimdiff, kdiff3, meld, vimdiff, and tortoisemerge. Run`git mergetool --tool-help`for the list of valid &lt;tool&gt; settings.



If a merge resolution program is not specified,<em>git mergetool</em>will use the configuration variable`merge.tool`. If the configuration variable`merge.tool`is not set,<em>git mergetool</em>will pick a suitable default.




You can explicitly provide a full path to the tool by setting the configuration variable`mergetool.<tool>.path`. For example, you can configure the absolute path to kdiff3 by setting`mergetool.kdiff3.path`. Otherwise,<em>git mergetool</em>assumes the tool is available in PATH.




Instead of running one of the known merge tool programs,<em>git mergetool</em>can be customized to run an alternative program by specifying the command line to invoke in a configuration variable`mergetool.<tool>.cmd`.




When<em>git mergetool</em>is invoked with this tool (either through the`-t`or`--tool`option or the`merge.tool`configuration variable) the configured command line will be invoked with`$BASE`set to the name of a temporary file containing the common base for the merge, if available;`$LOCAL`set to the name of a temporary file containing the contents of the file on the current branch;`$REMOTE`set to the name of a temporary file containing the contents of the file to be merged, and`$MERGED`set to the name of the file to which the merge tool should write the result of the merge resolution.




If the custom merge tool correctly indicates the success of a merge resolution with its exit code, then the configuration variable`mergetool.<tool>.trustExitCode`can be set to`true`. Otherwise,<em>git mergetool</em>will prompt the user to indicate the success of the resolution after the custom tool has exited.


</dd><dt id='git-mergetool---tool-help'>[](%2263#git-mergetool---tool-help "")--tool-help</dt><dd>

Print a list of merge tools that may be used with`--tool`.

</dd><dt id='git-mergetool--y'>[](%2263#git-mergetool--y "")-y</dt><dt id='git-mergetool---no-prompt'>[](%2263#git-mergetool---no-prompt "")--no-prompt</dt><dd>

Don’t prompt before each invocation of the merge resolution program. This is the default if the merge resolution program is explicitly specified with the`--tool`option or with the`merge.tool`configuration variable.

</dd><dt id='git-mergetool---prompt'>[](%2263#git-mergetool---prompt "")--prompt</dt><dd>

Prompt before each invocation of the merge resolution program to give the user a chance to skip the path.

</dd><dt id='git-mergetool--Oltorderfilegt'>[](%2263#git-mergetool--Oltorderfilegt "")-O&lt;orderfile&gt;</dt><dd>

Process files in the order specified in the &lt;orderfile&gt;, which has one shell glob pattern per line. This overrides the`diff.orderFile`configuration variable (see[git-config[1]](%2249  "")). To cancel`diff.orderFile`, use`-O/dev/null`.

</dd></dl>



## [](%2263#_temporary_files "")TEMPORARY FILES<a name="_temporary_files"></a>


`git mergetool`creates`*.orig`backup files while resolving merges. These are safe to remove once a file has been merged and its`git mergetool`session has completed.




Setting the`mergetool.keepBackup`configuration variable to`false`causes`git mergetool`to automatically remove the backup as files are successfully merged.





## [](%2263#_git "")GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





