---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FocusEvent/FocusEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26947 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26948 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%11300#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The`**FocusEvent()**`constructor returns a newly created[`FocusEvent`]26950 "The FocusEvent interface represents focus-related events like focus, blur, focusin, or focusout.")object with an optional[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them."). When a change a focus has a source and a destination, the*relatedTarget*value must be set to the*other*target.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var focusEvent = new FocusEvent(typeArg, focusEventInit); 

```

### Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


*The`FocusEvent()`**constructor also inherits arguments from[`UIEvent()`]26951 "The UIEvent() constructor creates a new UIEvent.")and from[`Event()`]23848 "The Event() constructor creates a new Event.").*

<dl><dt id=''>*`typeArg`*</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the name of the event.</dd><dt id=''>`*focusEventInit*`Optional</dt><dd>Is a`FocusEventInit`dictionary, having the following fields:
* `"relatedTarget"`, optional and defaulting to`null`, is an[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them.")representing the secondary target of a[`FocusEvent`]26950 "The FocusEvent interface represents focus-related events like focus, blur, focusin, or focusout.").


*The`FocusEventInit`**dictionary also accepts fields from the[`UIEventInit`]26951 "The UIEvent() constructor creates a new UIEvent.")and[`EventInit`]23848 "The Event() constructor creates a new Event.")dictionaries.*


</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Events Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;FocusEvent()&#39; in that specification.</small>]11304 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`FocusEvent`]26950 "The FocusEvent interface represents focus-related events like focus, blur, focusin, or focusout.")interface it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Constructor]22315 "")
* [Event]4963 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [FocusEvent]26952 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:23:31 AM</time>


