---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Animation/ready
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22599 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14101 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3458#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The read-only**`Animation.ready`**property of the[Web Animations API]3476 "")returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")which resolves when the animation is ready to play. A new promise is created every time the animation enters the`"pending"`[play state]3587 "")as well as when the animation is canceled, since in both of those scenarios, the animation is ready to be started again.



Since the same[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")is used for both pending`play`and pending`pause`requests, authors are advised to check the state of the animation when the promise is resolved.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var readyPromise = Animation.ready;

```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")which resolves when the animation is ready to be played. You&#39;ll typically use a construct similar to this when using the ready promise:


```
animation.ready.then(function() {
  // Do whatever needs to be done when
  // the animation is ready to run
});
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In the following example, the state of the animation will be`running`when the**current ready Promise**is resolved because the animation does not leave the`pending`play state in between the calls to`pause`and`play`and hence the**current ready Promise**does not change.


```
animation.pause();
animation.ready.then(function() {
  // Displays 'running'
  alert(animation.playState);
});
animation.play();
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Animation.ready&#39; in that specification.</small>]22601 "") | Working Draft | Editor&#39;s draft. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* [`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")
* [`Animation.playState`]3587 "The Animation.playState property of the Web Animations API returns and sets an enumerated value describing the playback state of an animation.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Ready]22602 "")
* [Ready Promise]22603 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[birtles]3555 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 2:18:51 AM</time>


