---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Animation/timeline
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22611 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14104 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3460#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The`**Animation.timeline**`property of the[`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")interface returns or sets the[`timeline`]9632 "The AnimationTimeline interface of the Web Animations API represents the timeline of an animation. This interface exists to define timeline features (inherited by DocumentTimeline and future timeline types) and is not itself directly used by developers. Anywhere you see AnimationTimeline, you should use DocumentTimeline or any other timeline type instead.")associated with this animation. A timeline is a source of time values for synchronization purposes, and is an[`AnimationTimeline`]9632 "The AnimationTimeline interface of the Web Animations API represents the timeline of an animation. This interface exists to define timeline features (inherited by DocumentTimeline and future timeline types) and is not itself directly used by developers. Anywhere you see AnimationTimeline, you should use DocumentTimeline or any other timeline type instead.")-based object. By default, the animation&#39;s timeline and the[`Document`]11711 "The Document interface represents any web page loaded in the browser and serves as an entry point into the web page's content, which is the DOM tree.")&#39;s timeline are the same.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var animationsTimeline = Animation.timeline;

Animation.timeline = newTimeline;
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A[timeline object]9632 "The AnimationTimeline interface of the Web Animations API represents the timeline of an animation. This interface exists to define timeline features (inherited by DocumentTimeline and future timeline types) and is not itself directly used by developers. Anywhere you see AnimationTimeline, you should use DocumentTimeline or any other timeline type instead.")to use as the timing source for the animation, or`null`to use the default, which is the[`Document`]11711 "The Document interface represents any web page loaded in the browser and serves as an entry point into the web page's content, which is the DOM tree.")&#39;s timeline.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


Here we set the animation&#39;s timeline to be the same as the document&#39;s timeline (this is the default timeline for all animations, by the way):


```
animation.timeline = document.timeline;
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Animation.timeline&#39; in that specification.</small>]22613 "") | Working Draft | Editor&#39;s draft. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* [`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")
* [`AnimationTimeline`]9632 "The AnimationTimeline interface of the Web Animations API represents the timeline of an animation. This interface exists to define timeline features (inherited by DocumentTimeline and future timeline types) and is not itself directly used by developers. Anywhere you see AnimationTimeline, you should use DocumentTimeline or any other timeline type instead.")the parent object all timelines inherit from.
* [`DocumentTimeline`]9628 "{{ APIRef("Web Animations API") }}{{ SeeCompatTable() }}")the only kind of timeline object available at this time.
* [`Document.timeline`]9630 "The timeline readonly property of the Document interface represents the default timeline of the current document. This timeline is a special instance of DocumentTimeline that is automatically created on page load.")is the default timeline all animations are assigned.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [timeline]22614 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[birtles]3555 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 2:19:33 AM</time>


