---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Animation/finish
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22626 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14091 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3464#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`finish()`**method of the[Web Animations API]3476 "")&#39;s[`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")Interface sets the current playback time to the end of the animation corresponding to the current playback direction.That is, if the animation is playing forward, it sets the playback time to the length of the animation sequence, and if the animation is playing in reverse (having had its[`reverse()`]14102 "The Animation.reverse() method of the Animation Interface reverses the playback direction, meaning the animation ends at its beginning. If called on an unplayed animation, the whole animation is played backwards. If called on a paused animation, the animation will continue in reverse.")method called), it sets the playback time to 0.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
Animation.finish(); 
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>


None.


### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


None.

<dl></dl>
### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`InvalidState`</dt><dd>The player&#39;s playback rate is 0 or the animation&#39;s playback rate is greater than 0 and the end time of the animation is infinity.</dd></dl>
## **Examples**<a name="Examples"></a>


The following example shows how to use the`finish()`method and catch an`InvalidState`error.


```
interfaceElement.addEventListener("mousedown", function() {
  try {
    player.finish();
  } catch(e if e instanceof InvalidState) {
    console.log("finish() called on paused or finished animation.");
  } catch(e);
    logMyErrors(e); //pass exception object to error handler
  }
});
```


The following example finishes all the animations on a single element, regardless of their direction of playback.


```
elem.getAnimations().forEach(
  function(animation){ 
    return animation.finish();
  }
);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;finish()&#39; in that specification.</small>]22628 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* [`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")for other methods and properties you can use to control web page animation.
* [`Animation.play()`]14099 "The play() method of the Web Animations API's Animation Interface starts or resumes playing of an animation. If the animation is finished, calling play() restarts the animation, playing it from the beginning.")to play an animation forward.
* [`Animation.reverse()`]14102 "The Animation.reverse() method of the Animation Interface reverses the playback direction, meaning the animation ends at its beginning. If called on an unplayed animation, the whole animation is played backwards. If called on a paused animation, the animation will continue in reverse.")to play an animation backward.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Finish]22629 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [waapi]3554 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[birtles]3555 ""),[sebastien-bartoli]22630 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 2:20:07 AM</time>


