---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Animation/play
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22635 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14099 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3466#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`play()`**method of the[Web Animations API]3476 "")&#39;s[`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")Interface starts or resumes playing of an animation. If the animation is finished, calling`play()`restarts the animation, playing it from the beginning.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
animation.play(); 

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>


None.


### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


[`undefined`]14139 "The global undefined property represents the primitive value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.")


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In the[Growing/Shrinking Alice Game]3507 "")example, clicking or tapping the cake causes Alice&#39;s growing animation (`aliceChange`) to play forward, causing her to get bigger, as well as triggering the cake&#39;s animation. Two`Animation.play()`s, one`EventListener`:


```
// The cake has its own animation:
var nommingCake = document.getElementById('eat-me_sprite').animate(
[
  { transform: 'translateY(0)' },
  { transform: 'translateY(-80%)' }   
], {
  fill: 'forwards',
  easing: 'steps(4, end)',
  duration: aliceChange.effect.timing.duration / 2
});

// Pause the cake's animation so it doesn't play immediately.
nommingCake.pause();

// This function will play when ever a user clicks or taps
var growAlice = function() {

  // Play Alice's animation.
  aliceChange.play();

  // Play the cake's animation.
  nommingCake.play();

}

// When a user holds their mouse down or taps, call growAlice to make all the animations play.
cake.addEventListener("mousedown", growAlice, false);
cake.addEventListener("touchstart", growAlice, false);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;play()&#39; in that specification.</small>]22637 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* [`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")for other methods and properties you can use to control web page animation.
* [`Animation.pause()`]14097 "The pause() method of the Web Animations API's Animation interface suspends playback of the animation.")to pause an animation.
* [`Animation.reverse()`]14102 "The Animation.reverse() method of the Animation Interface reverses the playback direction, meaning the animation ends at its beginning. If called on an unplayed animation, the whole animation is played backwards. If called on a paused animation, the animation will continue in reverse.")to play an animation backwards.
* [`Animation.finish()`]14091 "The finish() method of the Web Animations API's Animation Interface sets the current playback time to the end of the animation corresponding to the current playback direction.")to finish an animation.
* [`Animation.cancel()`]14089 "The Web Animations API's cancel() method of the Animation interface clears all KeyframeEffects caused by this animation and aborts its playback.")to cancel an animation.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [play]22638 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [waapi]3554 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[birtles]3555 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 ""),[Jeremie]4470 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 2:20:44 AM</time>


