---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Animations
---





**CSS Animations**is a module of CSS that lets you animate the values of CSS properties over time, using keyframes. The behavior of these keyframe animations can be controlled by specifying their timing function, duration, their number of repetitions, and other attributes.


## Reference<a name="Reference"></a>

### CSS Properties<a name="CSS_Properties"></a>

* [`animation`]22649 "The animation CSS property is a shorthand property for the various animation properties: animation-name, animation-duration, animation-timing-function, animation-delay, animation-iteration-count, animation-direction, animation-fill-mode, and animation-play-state.")
* [`animation-delay`]14111 "The animation-delay CSS property specifies when an animation should start. You can begin the animation at a future point in time, immediately and from its begining, or immediately and partway through the animation cycle.")
* [`animation-direction`]22650 "The animation-direction CSS property specifies whether an animation should play forwards, backwards, or alternating back and forth.")
* [`animation-duration`]22651 "The animation-duration CSS property specifies the length of time that an animation should take to complete one cycle.")
* [`animation-fill-mode`]22652 "The animation-fill-mode CSS property specifies how a CSS animation should apply styles to its target before and after its execution.")
* [`animation-iteration-count`]22653 "The animation-iteration-count CSS property specifies the number of times an animation cycle should be played before stopping. If multiple values are specified, each time the animation is played the next value in the list is used, cycling back to the first value after the last one is used.")
* [`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.")
* [`animation-play-state`]22654 "The animation-play-state CSS property specifies whether an animation is running or paused. In JavaScript, this can be queried to determine whether or not the animation is currently running. In addition, you can use JavaScript to set its value to pause or resume playback of an animation.")
* [`animation-timing-function`]22655 "The animation-timing-function CSS property specifies how a CSS animation should progress over the duration of each cycle.")


### CSS At-rules<a name="CSS_At-rules"></a>

* [`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.")


## Guides<a name="Guides"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Detecting CSS animation support]34468 "")</dt><dd>Describes a technique for detecting if a browser supports CSS animations.</dd><dt id=''>[Using CSS animations]28512 "")</dt><dd>Step-by-step tutorial about how to create animations using CSS. This article describes each relevant CSS property and at-rule and explains how they interact with each other.</dd><dt id=''>[CSS animations tips and tricks]34469 "")</dt><dd>Tips and tricks to help you get the most out of CSS animations. Currently offers a technique for replaying an animation which has already run through to completion, which the API doesn&#39;t support inherently.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Animations]22666 "The 'CSS Animations' specification") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | (Yes)[-webkit]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-webkit' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>43.0 | (Yes) | [5.0]4488 "Released on 2011-06-21.")(5.0)[-moz]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-moz' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>[16.0]4098 "Released on 2012-10-09.")(16.0) | 10 | 12[-o]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-o' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>12.10<sup>[2]</sup> | 4.0[-webkit]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-webkit' as this browser considers it experimental") 






[1] Partial support:[`animation-fill-mode`]22652 "The animation-fill-mode CSS property specifies how a CSS animation should apply styles to its target before and after its execution.")property is not supported in Android browser below 2.3.



[2] See the[release notes to Opera 12.50]4491 "").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Related to CSS Animations,[CSS Transitions]3481 "")can trigger animations based on user actions.







