---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/contain
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%38623#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`contain`**CSS property allows an author to indicate that an element and its contents are, as much as possible,*independent*of the rest of the document tree. This allows the browser to recalculate layout, style, paint, size, or any combination of them for a limited area of the DOM and not the entire page.


```
/* Keyword values */
contain: none;
contain: strict;
contain: content;
contain: size;
contain: layout;
contain: style;
contain: paint;

/* Global values */
contain: inherit;
contain: initial;
contain: unset;
```


This property is useful on pages that contain a lot of widgets that are all independent as it can be used to prevent one widget&#39;s CSS rules from changing other things on the page.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | all 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | per grammar 



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>Indicates the element renders as normal, with no containment applied.</dd><dt id=''>`strict`</dt><dd>Indicates that all containment rules are applied to the element. This is equivalent to`contain: size layout style paint`.</dd><dt id=''>`content`</dt><dd>Indicates that all containment rules except size are applied to the element. This is equivalent to`contain: layout style paint`.</dd><dt id=''>`size`</dt><dd>Indicates that the element can be sized without the need to examine its dependents for size changes.</dd><dt id=''>`layout`</dt><dd>Indicates that nothing outside the element may affect its internal layout and vice versa.</dd><dt id=''>`style`</dt><dd>Indicates that, for properties that can have effects on more than just an element and its descendants, those effects don&#39;t escape the containing element.</dd><dt id=''>`paint`</dt><dd>Indicates that descendants of the element don&#39;t display outside its bounds. If an element is off-screen or otherwise not visible, its descendants are also guaranteed to not be visible.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
none | strict | content | [ size || layout || style || paint ]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Containment Module Level 1]38258 "The 'CSS Containment Module Level 1' specification") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 52.0 | No support<sup>[1]</sup> | ? | 40 | ? 






[1] This feature implemented behind the preference`layout.css.contain.enabled`, defaulting to`false`, currently only supporting the values`none`and`paint`(see[bug 1170781]38757 "FIXED: Implement CSS 'contain: paint'")). See[bug 1150081]38259 "[META] Implement CSS 'contain' property / CSS Containment Module Level 1")for the overall implementation status.




