---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Alignment/Box_Alignment_in_Flexbox
---






The[Box Alignment]30663 "")Specification details how alignment works in various layout methods; on this page we explore how box alignment works in the context of Flexbox. As this page aims to detail things which are specific to Flexbox and box alignment, it should be read in conjunction with the main[Box Alignment]30663 "")page which details the common features of box alignment across layout methods.


## Basic example<a name="Basic_example"></a>


In this example, three flex items are aligned on the main axis using[`justify-content`]30349 "The CSS justify-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the main axis of their container.")and on the cross axis using[`align-items`]34906 "The CSS align-items property defines how the browser distributes space between and around flex items along the cross-axis of their container. This means it works like justify-content but in the perpendicular direction."). The first item overrides the`align-items`values set on the group by setting[`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")to`center`.



<iframe src='https://mdn.github.io/css-examples/box-alignment/overview/flex-align-items.html' width='100%' height='500'></iframe>


## The axes and flex-direction<a name="The_axes_and_flex-direction"></a>


Flexbox respects the writing mode of the document, therefore if you are working in English and set[`justify-content`]30349 "The CSS justify-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the main axis of their container.")to`flex-end`this will align the items to the end of the flex container. If you are working with[`flex-direction`]34899 "The flex-direction CSS property specifies how flex items are placed in the flex container defining the main axis and the direction (normal or reversed).")set to`row`, this alignment will be in the inline direction.



However, in Flexbox you can change the main axis by setting`flex-direction`to`column`. In this case`justify-content`will align items in the block direction. Therefore it is easiest to think about the main and cross axis when working in Flexbox like so:


* The main axis = direction set by`flex-direction`= alignment via`justify-content`
* The cross axis = runs across the main axis = alignment via`align-content`,`align-self`/`align-items`

### Main Axis Alignment<a name="Main_Axis_Alignment"></a>

* [`justify-content`]30349 "The CSS justify-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the main axis of their container.")

### Cross Axis Alignment<a name="Cross_Axis_Alignment"></a>

* [`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")
* [`align-items`]34906 "The CSS align-items property defines how the browser distributes space between and around flex items along the cross-axis of their container. This means it works like justify-content but in the perpendicular direction.")
* [`align-content`]30348 "The CSS align-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the cross-axis of their container, which is serving as a flexbox container.")

### There is no justify-self in Flexbox<a name="There_is_no_justify-self_in_Flexbox"></a>


On the main axis Flexbox deals with our content as a group. The amount of space required to lay out the items in calculated, and the leftover space is then available for distribution. The`justify-content`property controls how that leftover space is used. Set`justify-content: flex-end`and the extra space is placed before the items,`justify-content: space-around`and it is placed either side of the item in that dimension, etc.



This means that a`justify-self`property does not make sense in Flexbox as we are always dealing with moving the entire group of items around.



On the cross axis`align-self`makes sense as we potentially have additional space in the flex container in that dimension, in which a single item can be moved to the start and end.


## Alignment and auto margins<a name="Alignment_and_auto_margins"></a>


There is a specific use case in Flexbox where we might think that a`justify-self`property is what we need, and this is when we want to split a set of flex items, perhaps to create a split navigation pattern. For this use case we can use an`auto`margin. A margin set to`auto`will absorb all available space in its dimension. This is how entering a block with auto margins works. By setting the left and right margin to`auto`, both sides of our block try to take up all of the available space and so push the box into the centre.



By setting a[`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left.")of`auto`on one item in a set of flex items all aligned to start, we can create a split navigation. This works well with Flexbox and the alignment properties. As soon as there is no space available for the auto margin, the item behaves in the same way as all the other flex items and shrinks to try to fit into the space.



<iframe src='https://mdn.github.io/css-examples/box-alignment/flexbox/auto-margins.html' width='100%' height='500'></iframe>


## The`gap`properties<a name="The_gap_properties"></a>

* [`row-gap`]30302 "The row-gap CSS property sets the size of the gap (gutter) between an element's rows.")
* [`column-gap`]30303 "The column-gap CSS property sets the size of the gap (gutter) between an element's columns.")
* [`gap`]30300 "The gap CSS property specifies the gaps (gutters) between rows and columns. It is a shorthand for row-gap and column-gap.")

### Creating fixed size gaps between items<a name="Creating_fixed_size_gaps_between_items"></a>


On the main axis, the`column-gap`property will create fixed size gaps on either side of the item.



On the cross axis the`row-gap`property will create spacing between adjacent flex lines, therefore`flex-wrap`just also be set to`wrap`for this to have any effect.



**Note**: At the time of writing, no browser supports the gap properties in Flexbox. These are a newer addition to the specification, with regard to being specified for flex layout.



## Reference<a name="Reference"></a>

### CSS Properties<a name="CSS_Properties"></a>

* [`justify-content`]30349 "The CSS justify-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the main axis of their container.")
* [`align-content`]30348 "The CSS align-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the cross-axis of their container, which is serving as a flexbox container.")
* [`place-content`]31619 "The place-content CSS shorthand property sets both the align-content and justify-content properties.")t
* [`justify-items`]30659 "The CSS justify-items property defines the default justify-self for all items of the box, giving them all a default way of justifying each box along the appropriate axis.")
* [`align-items`]34906 "The CSS align-items property defines how the browser distributes space between and around flex items along the cross-axis of their container. This means it works like justify-content but in the perpendicular direction.")
* [`place-items`]33922 "The CSS place-items shorthand property sets both the align-items and justify-items properties. The first value is the align-items property value, the second the justify-items one. If the second value is not present, the first value is also used for it.")
* [`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")
* [`row-gap`]30302 "The row-gap CSS property sets the size of the gap (gutter) between an element's rows.")
* [`column-gap`]30303 "The column-gap CSS property sets the size of the gap (gutter) between an element's columns.")
* [`gap`]30300 "The gap CSS property specifies the gaps (gutters) between rows and columns. It is a shorthand for row-gap and column-gap.")


### Glossary Entries<a name="Glossary_Entries"></a>

* [Cross axis]35094 "")
* [Main axis]35095 "")


## Guides<a name="Guides"></a>

* [Alignment in flexbox]31622 "")

## External Resources<a name="External_Resources"></a>

* [Box alignment cheatsheet]35099 "")
* [CSS Grid, Flexbox and Box Alignment]35100 "")
* [Thoughts on partial implementations of Box Alignment]35101 "")



