---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Alignment/Box_Alignment_In_Block_Abspos_Tables
---





The[Box Alignment Specification]30663 "")details how alignment works in various layout methods. In this page we explore how box alignment works in the context of block layout, including floated, positioned, and table elements. As this page aims to detail things which are specific to block layout and box alignment, it should be read in conjunction with the main[Box Alignment]30663 "")page, which details the common features of box alignment across layout methods.



**Note**: At the time of writing (May 2018), there is no real support for the box alignment properties in block layout. This document details how the specification expects these properties to be implemented for completeness, and is likely to change as the specification and browser implementations develop.



## align-content and justify-content<a name="align-content_and_justify-content"></a>


The[`justify-content`]30349 "The CSS justify-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the main axis of their container.")property does not apply to block containers or table cells.



The[`align-content`]30348 "The CSS align-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the cross-axis of their container, which is serving as a flexbox container.")property applies to the block axis in order to align the contents of the box within its container. If a content distribution method such as`space-between`,`space-around`or`space-evenly`is requested then the fallback alignment will be used, as the content is treated as a single[alignment subject]35097 "").


## justify-self<a name="justify-self"></a>


The[`justify-self`]30660 "The CSS justify-self property defines the way of justifying a box inside its container along the appropriate axis.")property is used to align an item inside its containing block on the inline axis.



This property does not apply to floated elements or table cells.


### Absolutely positioned elements<a name="Absolutely_positioned_elements"></a>


The alignment container is the positioned block, accounting for the offset values of top, left, bottom, and right. The normal keyword resolves to`stretch`, unless the positioned item is a replaced element, in which case it resolves to`start`.


## align-self<a name="align-self"></a>


The[`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")property does not apply to block-level boxes (including floats), because there is more than one item in the block axis. It also does not apply to table cells.


### Absolutely positioned elements<a name="Absolutely_positioned_elements_2"></a>


The alignment container is the positioned block, accounting for the offset values of top, left, bottom, and right. The normal keyword resolves to`stretch`, unless the positioned item is a replaced element, in which case it resolves to`start`.


## Aligning in these layout methods today<a name="Aligning_in_these_layout_methods_today"></a>


As we do not currently have browser support for box alignment in block layout, your options for alignment are either to use one of the existing alignment methods or, to make even a single item inside a container a flex item in order to use the alignment properties as specified in flexbox.



Alignment of blocks horizontally prior to flexbox was typically achieved by way of setting auto margins on the block. A[`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left.")of`auto`will absorb all available space in that dimension, therefore setting a left and right margin of auto, you can push a block into the center:


```
.container {
  width: 20em;
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto;
}
```


In table layout, you have access to the[`vertical-align`]13330 "The vertical-align CSS property specifies the vertical alignment of an inline or table-cell box.")property to align the contents of a cell inside that cell.



For many use cases, turning the block container into a flex item will give you the alignment capability that you are looking for. In the example below, a container with a single item inside has been turned into a flex container for the purpose of being able to use the alignment properties.



<iframe src='https://mdn.github.io/css-examples/flexbox/alignment/intro.html' width='100%' height='700'></iframe>


## Reference<a name="Reference"></a>

### CSS Properties<a name="CSS_Properties"></a>

* [`justify-content`]30349 "The CSS justify-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the main axis of their container.")
* [`align-content`]30348 "The CSS align-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the cross-axis of their container, which is serving as a flexbox container.")
* [`justify-self`]30660 "The CSS justify-self property defines the way of justifying a box inside its container along the appropriate axis.")
* [`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")

### Glossary Entries<a name="Glossary_Entries"></a>

* [Alignment subject]35097 "")
* [Alignment container]35096 "")
* [Fallback alignment]35098 "")







