---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/padding#%3Cpercentage%3E
---





The**`padding`**[CSS]28350 "CSS")property sets the[padding area]34201 "http://developer.mozilla.org/en/CSS/Box_model#padding")on all four sides of an element. It is a[shorthand]28797 "")for setting all individual paddings at once:[`padding-top`]31483 "The padding-top CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the top of an element."),[`padding-right`]31484 "The padding-right CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the right side of an element."),[`padding-bottom`]31485 "The padding-bottom CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the bottom of an element."), and[`padding-left`]31486 "The padding-left CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the left side of an element.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/padding.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


An element&#39;s padding area is the space between its content and its border.



**Note:**Padding creates extra space within an element. In contrast,[`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left.")creates extra space*around*an element.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Apply to all four sides */
padding: 1em;

/* vertical | horizontal */
padding: 5% 10%;

/* top | horizontal | bottom */
padding: 1em 2em 2em;

/* top | right | bottom | left */
padding: 5px 1em 0 2em;

/* Global values */
padding: inherit;
padding: initial;
padding: unset;
```


The`padding`property may be specified using one, two, three, or four values. Each value is a`[&lt;length&gt;]34202 "")`or a`[&lt;percentage&gt;]34203 "")`. Negative values are invalid.


* When**one**value is specified, it applies the same padding to**all four sides**.
* When**two**values are specified, the first padding applies to the**top and bottom**, the second to the**left and right**.
* When**three**values are specified, the first padding applies to the**top**, the second to the**left and right**, the third to the**bottom**.
* When**four**values are specified, the paddings apply to the**top**,**right**,**bottom**, and**left**in that order (clockwise).

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>**[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")**</dt><dd>The size of the padding as a fixed value.</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>The size of the padding as a percentage, relative to the*width*of the containing block.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <length> | <percentage> ]{1,4}
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Simple example<a name="Simple_example"></a>

#### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<h4>This element has moderate padding.</h4>
<h3>The padding is huge in this element!</h3>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
h4 {
  background-color: lime;
  padding: 20px 50px;
}

h3 {
  background-color: cyan;
  padding: 110px 50px 50px 110px;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/padding$samples/Simple_example?revision=1363304' width='100%' height='300'></iframe>



### More examples<a name="More_examples"></a>

```
padding: 5%;                /* All sides: 5% padding */

padding: 10px;              /* All sides: 10px padding */

padding: 10px 20px;         /* top and bottom: 10px padding */
                            /* left and right: 20px padding */

padding: 10px 3% 20px;      /* top:            10px padding */
                            /* left and right: 3% padding   */
                            /* bottom:         20px padding */

padding: 1em 3px 30px 5px;  /* top:    1em padding  */
                            /* right:  3px padding  */
                            /* bottom: 30px padding */
                            /* left:   5px padding  */
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Basic Box Model<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;padding&#39; in that specification.</small>]31473 "") | Working Draft | No change. 
[CSS Transitions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;padding&#39; in that specification.</small>]29205 "") | Working Draft | Defines`padding`as animatable. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;padding&#39; in that specification.</small>]31474 "") | Recommendation | No change. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;padding&#39; in that specification.</small>]31475 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`padding-bottom`]31485 "The padding-bottom CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the bottom of an element."):`0`
* [`padding-left`]31486 "The padding-left CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the left side of an element."):`0`
* [`padding-right`]31484 "The padding-right CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the right side of an element."):`0`
* [`padding-top`]31483 "The padding-top CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the top of an element."):`0` 
Applies to | all elements, except`table-row-group`,`table-header-group`,`table-footer-group`,`table-row`,`table-column-group`and`table-column`. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables)."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | refer to the width of the containing block 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`padding-bottom`]31485 "The padding-bottom CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the bottom of an element."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length
* [`padding-left`]31486 "The padding-left CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the left side of an element."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length
* [`padding-right`]31484 "The padding-right CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the right side of an element."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length
* [`padding-top`]31483 "The padding-top CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the top of an element."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length 
Animation type | a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.") 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [CSS basic box model]30841 "en/CSS/box model")
* The`padding`shorthand property sets paddings on all four sides of an element:[`padding-top`]31483 "The padding-top CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the top of an element."),[`padding-right`]31484 "The padding-right CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the right side of an element."),[`padding-bottom`]31485 "The padding-bottom CSS property sets the height of the padding area on the bottom of an element."), and[`padding-left`]31486 "The padding-left CSS property sets the width of the padding area on the left side of an element.").



