---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Properties_Index
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]44233 "")。




<br></br>这篇文章按照字母顺序列出了MDN里边所有的JavaScript属性。<br></br>

Found 127 pages with the tag &quot;Property&quot;:


## A<a name="A"></a>

* <i></i>[`arguments`]42571 ""): The`***function*.arguments**`property refers to an an array-like object corresponding to the arguments passed to a function. Use the simple variable[`arguments`]40944 "The arguments object is an Array-like object corresponding to the arguments passed to a function.")instead. This property is forbidden in strict model due to[taill call optimization]44234 "").
* <i></i>[`arguments[@@iterator]`]43375 ""): The initial value of the`**@@iterator**`property is the same function object as the initial value of the[`Array.prototype.values`]22489 "The values() method returns a new Array Iterator object that contains the values for each index in the array.")property.
* <i></i><s>[`arity`]42572 ""): The`**arity**`property used to return the number of arguments expected by the function, however, it no longer exists and has been replaced by the[`Function.prototype.length`]41390 "The length property specifies the number of arguments expected by the function.")property.</s>

## B<a name="B"></a>

* [`BYTES_PER_ELEMENT`]22434 ""): The`**TypedArray.BYTES_PER_ELEMENT**`property represents the size in bytes of each element in an typed array.
* [`buffer`]44235 ""): The**`buffer`**accessor property represents the[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")or[`SharedArrayBuffer`]40860 "The SharedArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer, similar to the ArrayBuffer object, but in a way that they can be used to create views on shared memory. Unlike an ArrayBuffer, a SharedArrayBuffer cannot become detached.")referenced by the`DataView`at construction time.
* [`buffer`]22442 ""): The**`buffer`**accessor property represents the[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")referenced by a*TypedArray*at construction time.
* <i></i>[`buffer`]44236 ""): The**`buffer`**prototype property of the`[Memory]44237 "")`object returns the buffer contained in the memory.
* [`byteLength`]44238 ""): The`**byteLength**`accessor property represents the length of an[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")in bytes.
* [`byteLength`]44239 ""): The**`byteLength`**accessor property represents the length (in bytes) of this view from the start of its[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")or[`SharedArrayBuffer`]40860 "The SharedArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer, similar to the ArrayBuffer object, but in a way that they can be used to create views on shared memory. Unlike an ArrayBuffer, a SharedArrayBuffer cannot become detached.").
* [`byteLength`]44240 ""): The`**byteLength**`accessor property represents the length of an[`SharedArrayBuffer`]40860 "The SharedArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer, similar to the ArrayBuffer object, but in a way that they can be used to create views on shared memory. Unlike an ArrayBuffer, a SharedArrayBuffer cannot become detached.")in bytes.
* [`byteLength`]22443 ""): The**`byteLength`**accessor property represents the length (in bytes) of a typed array.
* [`byteOffset`]44241 ""): The**`byteOffset`**accessor property represents the offset (in bytes) of this view from the start of its[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")or[`SharedArrayBuffer`]40860 "The SharedArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer, similar to the ArrayBuffer object, but in a way that they can be used to create views on shared memory. Unlike an ArrayBuffer, a SharedArrayBuffer cannot become detached.").
* [`byteOffset`]22444 ""): The**`byteOffset`**accessor property represents the offset (in bytes) of a typed array from the start of its[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.").

## C<a name="C"></a>

* <i></i>[`callee`]41201 ""): The**`arguments.callee`**property contains the currently executing function.
* <i></i><s>[`caller`]44242 ""): The obsolete**`arguments.caller`**property used to provide the function that invoked the currently executing function. This property has been removed and no longer works.</s>
* [`caller`]42573 ""): The`***function*.caller**`property returns the function that invoked the specified function. This property is forbidden in strict model due to[taill call optimization]44234 "").
* [`columnNumber`]42000 ""): The`**columnNumber**`property contains the column number in the line of the file that raised this error.
* [`compare`]42081 ""): The**`Intl.Collator.prototype.compare`**property returns a getter function that compares two strings according to the sort order of this[`Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")object.
* [`constructor`]42585 ""): Returns a reference to the[`Object`]6346 "The Object constructor creates an object wrapper.")constructor function that created the instance object. Note that the value of this property is a reference to the function itself, not a string containing the function&#39;s name. The value is only read-only for primitive values such as`1`,`true`and`"test"`.

## D<a name="D"></a>

* <i></i>[`displayName`]42574 ""): The`***function*.displayName**`property returns the display name of the function.

## E<a name="E"></a>

* [`E`]44243 ""): The**`Math.E`**property represents the base of natural logarithms, e, approximately 2.718.
* [`EPSILON`]44023 ""): The**`Number.EPSILON`**property represents the difference between 1 and the smallest floating point number greater than 1.
* <i></i>[`exports`]44244 ""): The**`exports`**readonly property of the[`WebAssembly.Instance`]42785 "A WebAssembly.Instance object is a stateful, executable instance of a WebAssembly.Module.  Instance objects contain all the Exported WebAssembly functions that allow calling into WebAssembly code from JavaScript.")object prototype returns an object containing as its members all the functions exported from the WebAssembly module instance, to allow them to be accessed and used by JavaScript.

## F<a name="F"></a>

* [`fileName`]41998 ""): The`**fileName**`property contains the path to the file that raised this error.
* [`flags`]43894 ""): The**`flags`**property returns a string consisting of the flags of the current regular expression object.
* [`format`]42108 ""): The**`Intl.DateTimeFormat.prototype.format`**property returns a getter function that formats a date according to the locale and formatting options of this[`Intl.DateTimeFormat`]40837 "The Intl.DateTimeFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive date and time formatting.")object.
* [`format`]42125 ""): The**`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.format`**property returns a getter function that formats a number according to the locale and formatting options of this[`NumberFormat`]40838 "The Intl.NumberFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive number formatting.")object.

## G<a name="G"></a>

* [`get ArrayBuffer[@@species]`]43739 ""): The`**ArrayBuffer[@@species]**`accessor property returns the`ArrayBuffer`constructor.
* [`get Map[@@species]`]43817 ""): The`**Map[@@species]**`accessor property returns the`Map`constructor.
* [`get RegExp[@@species]`]43721 ""): The`**RegExp[@@species]**`accessor property returns the`RegExp`constructor.
* [`get Set[@@species]`]43818 ""): The`**Set[@@species]**`accessor property returns the`Set`constructor.
* [`get TypedArray[@@species]`]43740 ""): The`**TypedArray[@@species]**`accessor property returns the constructor of a[typed array]3620 "").
* [`global`]44245 ""): The**`global`**property indicates whether or not the &quot;`g`&quot; flag is used with the regular expression.`global`is a read-only property of an individual regular expression instance.

## H<a name="H"></a>

* [`hasInstance`]43708 ""): The**`Symbol.hasInstance`**well-known symbol is used to determine if a constructor object recognizes an object as its instance. The[`instanceof`]40907 "The instanceof operator tests whether the prototype property of a constructor appears anywhere in the prototype chain of an object.")operator&#39;s behavior can be customized by this symbol.

## I<a name="I"></a>

* [`ignoreCase`]44246 ""): The**`ignoreCase`**property indicates whether or not the &quot;`i`&quot; flag is used with the regular expression.`ignoreCase`is a read-only property of an individual regular expression instance.
* [`input ($_)`]44247 ""): The non-standard**`input`**property is a static property of regular expressions that contains the string against which a regular expression is matched.`RegExp.$_`is an alias for this property.
* [`isConcatSpreadable`]43735 ""): The**`Symbol.isConcatSpreadable`**well-known symbol is used to configure if an object should be flattened to its array elements when using the[`Array.prototype.concat()`]44248 "The concat() method is used to merge two or more arrays. This method does not change the existing arrays, but instead returns a new array.")method.
* [`iterator`]43913 ""): The`**Symbol.iterator**`well-known symbol specifies the default iterator for an object. Used by[`for...of`]40930 "").

## J<a name="J"></a>


## K<a name="K"></a>


## L<a name="L"></a>

* [`LN10`]44249 ""): The**`Math.LN10`**property represents the natural logarithm of 10, approximately 2.302:
* [`LN2`]44250 ""): The**`Math.LN2`**property represents the natural logarithm of 2, approximately 0.693:
* [`LOG10E`]44251 ""): The**`Math.LOG10E`**property represents the base 10 logarithm of e, approximately 0.434:
* [`LOG2E`]44252 ""): The**`Math.LOG2E`**property represents the base 2 logarithm of e, approximately 1.442:
* [`lastIndex`]44000 ""): The**`lastIndex`**is a read/write integer property of regular expression instances that specifies the index at which to start the next match.
* [`lastMatch ($&)`]44253 ""): The non-standard**lastMatch**property is a static and read-only property of regular expressions that contains the last matched characters.`RegExp.$&`is an alias for this property.
* [`lastParen ($+)`]44254 ""): The non-standard**lastParen**property is a static and read-only property of regular expressions that contains the last parenthesized substring match, if any.`RegExp.$+`is an alias for this property.
* [`leftContext ($`)`]44255 ""): The non-standard**leftContext**property is a static and read-only property of regular expressions that contains the substring preceding the most recent match.`RegExp.$``is an alias for this property.
* [`length`]44256 ""): The**`arguments.length`**property contains the number of arguments passed to the function.
* [`length`]22435 ""): The**`length`**accessor property represents the length (in elements) of a typed array.
* [`length`]41390 ""): The`**length**`property specifies the number of arguments expected by the function.
* [`length`]43842 ""): The`**length**`property of an object which is an instance of type`Array`sets or returns the number of elements in that array. The value is an unsigned, 32-bit integer that is always numerically greater than the highest index in the array.
* [`length`]26243 ""): The**`length`**property of a[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings, or a sequence of characters.")object indicates the length of a string, in UTF-16 code units.
* <i></i>[`length`]44257 ""): The`**length**`prototype property of the[`WebAssembly.Table`]44258 "The WebAssembly.Table() constructor creates a new Table object of the given size and element type.")object returns the length of the table, i.e. the number of elements in the table.
* [`lineNumber`]41999 ""): The`**lineNumber**`property contains the line number in the file that raised this error.

## M<a name="M"></a>

* [`MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`]43969 ""): The**`Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`**constant represents the maximum safe integer in JavaScript (`2<sup>53</sup>- 1`).
* [`MAX_VALUE`]44259 ""): The**`Number.MAX_VALUE`**property represents the maximum numeric value representable in JavaScript.
* [`MIN_SAFE_INTEGER`]43970 ""): The**`Number.MIN_SAFE_INTEGER`**constant represents the minimum safe integer in JavaScript (`-(2<sup>53</sup>- 1)`).
* [`MIN_VALUE`]44260 ""): The**`Number.MIN_VALUE`**property represents the smallest positive numeric value representable in JavaScript.
* [`match`]43831 ""): The`**Symbol.match**`well-known symbol specifies the matching of a regular expression against a string. This function is called by the[`String.prototype.match()`]42403 "The match() method retrieves the matches when matching a string against a regular expression.")method.
* [`message`]41994 ""): The`**message**`property is a human-readable description of the error.
* [`multiline`]43748 ""): The**`multiline`**property indicates whether or not the &quot;`m`&quot; flag is used with the regular expression.`multiline`is a read-only property of an individual regular expression instance.

## N<a name="N"></a>

* [`NEGATIVE_INFINITY`]44261 ""): The**`Number.NEGATIVE_INFINITY`**property represents the negative Infinity value.
* [`NaN`]22328 ""): The global`**NaN**`property is a value representing Not-A-Number.
* [`NaN`]44262 ""): The**`Number.NaN`**property represents Not-A-Number. Equivalent of[`NaN`]22328 "The global NaN property is a value representing Not-A-Number.").
* [`name`]41995 ""): The`**name**`property represents a name for the type of error. The initial value is &quot;Error&quot;.
* [`name`]42575 ""): The`***function*.name**`property returns the name of the function.
* [`name`]22436 ""): The`***TypedArray*.name**`property represents a string value of the typed array constructor name.

## O<a name="O"></a>


## P<a name="P"></a>

* [`PI`]43339 ""): The**`Math.PI`**property represents the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter, approximately 3.14159:
* [`POSITIVE_INFINITY`]44263 ""): The**`Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY`**property represents the positive Infinity value.
* [`parse: bad parsing`]40973 ""):[`SyntaxError`]40862 "The SyntaxError object represents an error when trying to interpret syntactically invalid code.")
* [`prototype`]44264 ""): The**`ArrayBuffer.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")object.
* <i></i>[`prototype`]44265 ""): The`**AsyncFunction.prototype**`property represents the[`AsyncFunction`]40825 "The AsyncFunction constructor creates a new async function object. In JavaScript every asynchronous function is actually an AsyncFunction object.")prototype object.
* [`prototype`]22331 ""): The**`Boolean.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44266 ""): The`**DataView**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`DataView`]14249 "The DataView view provides a low-level interface for reading and writing multiple number types in an ArrayBuffer irrespective of the platform's endianness.")object.
* [`prototype`]43812 ""): The**`Date.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`Date`]10838 "Creates a JavaScript Date instance that represents a single moment in time. Date objects are based on a time value that is the number of milliseconds since 1 January, 1970 UTC.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44267 ""): The`**Error.prototype**`property represents the prototype for the[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44268 ""): The`**EvalError.prototype**`property represents the prototype of the[`EvalError`]40827 "The EvalError object indicates an error regarding the global eval() function. This exception is not thrown by JavaScript anymore, however the EvalError object remains for compatibility.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]42576 ""): The`**Function.prototype**`property represents the[`Function`]40828 "The Function constructor creates a new Function object. Calling the constructor directly can create functions dynamically, but suffers from security and performance issues similar to eval.")prototype object.
* [`prototype`]44269 ""): The`**GeneratorFunction.prototype**`property represents the[`GeneratorFunction`]40830 "The GeneratorFunction constructor creates a new generator function object. In JavaScript every generator function is actually a GeneratorFunction object.")prototype object.
* [`prototype`]44270 ""): The`**InternalError.prototype**`property represents the prototype of the[`InternalError`]40834 "The InternalError object indicates an error that occurred internally in the JavaScript engine. For example: "InternalError: too much recursion".")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44271 ""): The**`Intl.Collator.prototype`**property represents the prototype object for the[`Intl.Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44272 ""): The**`Intl.DateTimeFormat.prototype`**property represents the prototype object for the[`Intl.DateTimeFormat`]40837 "The Intl.DateTimeFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive date and time formatting.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44273 ""): The**`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype`**property represents the prototype object for the[`Intl.NumberFormat`]40838 "The Intl.NumberFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive number formatting.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44274 ""): The`**Map**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`Map`]14598 "The Map object holds key-value pairs.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44275 ""): The`**WebAssembly.Memory**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`WebAssembly.Memory()`]44237 "The WebAssembly.Memory() constructor creates a new Memory object which is a resizable ArrayBuffer that holds the raw bytes of memory accessed by a WebAssembly Instance.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44276 ""): The`**WebAssembly.Table**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`WebAssembly.Table()`]44258 "The WebAssembly.Table() constructor creates a new Table object of the given size and element type.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44277 ""): The`**WebAssembly.Module**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`WebAssembly.Module()`]42784 "All Module instances inherit from the Module() constructor's prototype object — this can be modified to affect all Module instances.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44278 ""): The**`Array.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects.")constructor and allows you to add new properties and methods to all`Array`objects.
* [`prototype`]41499 ""): The`**Object.prototype**`property represents the[`Object`]6346 "The Object constructor creates an object wrapper.")prototype object.
* [`prototype`]26976 ""): The`**Promise**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44279 ""): The`**RangeError.prototype**`property represents the prototype the[`RangeError`]40842 "The RangeError object indicates an error when a value is not in the set or range of allowed values.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44280 ""): The`**ReferenceError.prototype**`property represents the prototype for the[`ReferenceError`]40843 "The ReferenceError object represents an error when a non-existent variable is referenced.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44281 ""): The**`RegExp.prototype`**property represents the prototype object for the[`RegExp`]40845 "The RegExp constructor creates a regular expression object for matching text with a pattern.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44282 ""): The`**Set**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`Set`]40859 "The Set object lets you store unique values of any type, whether primitive values or object references.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44283 ""): The**`SharedArrayBuffer.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`SharedArrayBuffer`]40860 "The SharedArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer, similar to the ArrayBuffer object, but in a way that they can be used to create views on shared memory. Unlike an ArrayBuffer, a SharedArrayBuffer cannot become detached.")object.
* [`prototype`]44284 ""): The**`String.prototype`**property represents the[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings, or a sequence of characters.")prototype object.
* [`prototype`]44285 ""): The`**Symbol**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`Symbol`]40861 "The Symbol() function returns a value of type symbol, has static properties that expose several members of built-in objects, has static methods that expose the global symbol registry, and resembles a built-in object class but is incomplete as a constructor because it does not support the syntax "new Symbol()".")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44286 ""): The`**SyntaxError.prototype**`property represents the prototype for the[`SyntaxError`]40862 "The SyntaxError object represents an error when trying to interpret syntactically invalid code.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44287 ""): The`**TypeError.prototype**`property represents the prototype for the[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]22437 ""): The`**TypedArray**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for[`TypedArray`]4382 "A TypedArray object describes an array-like view of an underlying binary data buffer. There is no global property named TypedArray, nor is there a directly visible TypedArray constructor.  Instead, there are a number of different global properties, whose values are typed array constructors for specific element types, listed below. On the following pages you will find common properties and methods that can be used with any typed array containing elements of any type.")constructors.
* [`prototype`]44288 ""): The`**URIError.prototype**`property represents the prototype for the[`URIError`]40863 "The URIError object represents an error when a global URI handling function was used in a wrong way.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]43844 ""): The`**WeakMap**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`WeakMap`]40867 "The WeakMap object is a collection of key/value pairs in which the keys are weakly referenced.  The keys must be objects and the values can be arbitrary values.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]43845 ""): The`**WeakSet**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`WeakSet`]40868 "The WeakSet object lets you store weakly held objects in a collection.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44289 ""): The`**WebAssembly.Instance**`**`.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`WebAssembly.Instance()`]42785 "A WebAssembly.Instance object is a stateful, executable instance of a WebAssembly.Module.  Instance objects contain all the Exported WebAssembly functions that allow calling into WebAssembly code from JavaScript.")constructor.
* [`prototype`]44290 ""): The**`Number.prototype`**property represents the prototype for the[`Number`]14073 "The Number JavaScript object is a wrapper object allowing you to work with numerical values. A Number object is created using the Number() constructor.")constructor.
* [`prototype[@@toStringTag]`]44291 ""): The**`Map[@@toStringTag]`**property has an initial value of &quot;Map&quot;.
* [`prototype[@@unscopables]`]43732 ""): The`**@@unscopable**`symbol property contains property names that were not included in the ECMAScript standard prior to the ES2015 version. These properties are excluded from`[with]40942 "")`statement bindings.

## Q<a name="Q"></a>


## R<a name="R"></a>

* [`replace`]44292 ""): The`**Symbol.replace**`well-known symbol specifies the method that replaces matched substrings of a string. This function is called by the[`String.prototype.replace()`]42404 "The replace() method returns a new string with some or all matches of a pattern replaced by a replacement. The pattern can be a string or a RegExp, and the replacement can be a string or a function to be called for each match.")method.
* [`rightContext ($')`]44293 ""): The non-standard**rightContext**property is a static and read-only property of regular expressions that contains the substring following the most recent match.`RegExp.$'`is an alias for this property.

## S<a name="S"></a>

* [`SQRT1_2`]44294 ""): The**`Math.SQRT1_2`**property represents the square root of 1/2 which is approximately 0.707:
* [`SQRT2`]44295 ""): The**`Math.SQRT2`**property represents the square root of 2, approximately 1.414:
* [`search`]44296 ""): The`**Symbol.search**`well-known symbol specifies the method that returns the index within a string that matches the regular expression. This function is called by the[`String.prototype.search()`]43723 "The search() method executes a search for a match between a regular expression and this String object.")method.
* [`size`]44297 ""): The`**size**`accessor property returns the number of elements in a[`Map`]14598 "The Map object holds key-value pairs.")object.
* [`size`]44298 ""): The`**size**`accessor property returns the number of elements in a[`Set`]40859 "The Set object lets you store unique values of any type, whether primitive values or object references.")object.
* [`source`]43878 ""): The**`source`**property returns a[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings, or a sequence of characters.")containing the source text of the regexp object, and it doesn&#39;t contain the two forward slashes on both sides and any flags.
* [`species`]43815 ""): The`**Symbol.species**`well-known symbol specifies a function valued property that the constructor function uses to create derived objects.
* [`split`]44299 ""): The`**Symbol.split**`well-known symbol specifies the method that splits a string at the indices that match a regular expression. This function is called by the[`String.prototype.split()`]44300 "The split() method splits a String object into an array of strings by separating the string into substrings, using a specified separator string to determine where to make each split.")method.
* [`stack`]44301 ""): The non-standard**`stack`**property of[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types.")objects offer a trace of which functions were called, in what order, from which line and file, and with what arguments. The stack string proceeds from the most recent calls to earlier ones, leading back to the original global scope call.
* [`sticky`]44302 ""): The**`sticky`**property reflects whether or not the search is sticky (searches in strings only from the index indicated by the[`lastIndex`]44000 "The lastIndex is a read/write integer property of regular expression instances that specifies the index at which to start the next match.")property of this regular expression).`sticky`is a read-only property of an individual regular expression object.

## T<a name="T"></a>

* [`toPrimitive`]43785 ""): The`**Symbol.toPrimitive**`is a symbol that specifies a function valued property that is called to convert an object to a corresponding primitive value.
* [`toStringTag`]43696 ""): The**`Symbol.toStringTag`**well-known symbol is a string valued property that is used in the creation of the default string description of an object. It is accessed internally by the[`Object.prototype.toString()`]22335 "The toString() method returns a string representing the object.")method.

## U<a name="U"></a>

* [`unicode`]43761 ""): The**`unicode`**property indicates whether or not the &quot;`u`&quot; flag is used with a regular expression.`unicode`is a read-only property of an individual regular expression instance.
* [`unscopables`]43731 ""): The**`Symbol.unscopables`**well-known symbol is used to specify an object value of whose own and inherited property names are excluded from the`[with]40942 "")`environment bindings of the associated object.

## V<a name="V"></a>


## W<a name="W"></a>


## X<a name="X"></a>


## Y<a name="Y"></a>


## Z<a name="Z"></a>


## _<a name="_"></a>

* <i></i><s>[`__count__`]42581 ""): The**`__count__`**property used to store the count of enumerable properties on the object, but it has been removed.</s>
* <i></i><s>[`__noSuchMethod__`]42582 ""): The**`__noSuchMethod__`**property used to reference a function to be executed when a non-existent method is called on an object, but this function is no longer available.</s>
* <i></i><s>[`__parent__`]42583 ""): The**`__parent__`**property used to point to an object&#39;s context, but it has been removed.</s>
* [`__proto__`]42584 ""): The`__proto__`property of[`Object.prototype`]41499 "The Object.prototype property represents the Object prototype object.")is an accessor property (a getter function and a setter function) that exposes the internal`[[Prototype]]`(either an object or[`null`]6598 "The value null represents the intentional absence of any object value. It is one of JavaScript's primitive values.")) of the object through which it is accessed.

## $<a name="sect1"></a>

* [`$1-$9`]43780 ""): The non-standard**$1, $2, $3, $4, $5, $6, $7, $8, $9**properties are static and read-only properties of regular expressions that contain parenthesized substring matches.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Methods index]41053 "")



