---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioNode/context
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]23000 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14160 "")版。</bdi>






The read-only`context`property of the[`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")interface returns the associated[`BaseAudioContext`]14161 "The BaseAudioContext interface acts as a base definition for online and offline audio-processing graphs, as represented by AudioContext and OfflineAudioContext respectively."), that is the object representing the processing graph the node is participating in.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var aContext = anAudioNode.context;
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


The[`AudioContext`]3818 "The AudioContext interface represents an audio-processing graph built from audio modules linked together, each represented by an AudioNode. An audio context controls both the creation of the nodes it contains and the execution of the audio processing, or decoding. You need to create an AudioContext before you do anything else, as everything happens inside a context.")or[`OfflineAudioContext`]14178 "The OfflineAudioContext interface is an AudioContext interface representing an audio-processing graph built from linked together AudioNodes. In contrast with a standard AudioContext, an OfflineAudioContext doesn't render the audio to the device hardware; instead, it generates it, as fast as it can, and outputs the result to an AudioBuffer.")object that was used to construct this`AudioNode`.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
const AudioContext = window.AudioContext || window.webkitAudioContext;
const audioCtx = new AudioContext();

const oscillator = audioCtx.createOscillator();
const gainNode = audioCtx.createGain();
oscillator.connect(gainNode).connect(audioCtx.destination);

console.log(oscillator.context); // AudioContext
console.log(oscillator.context === audioCtx); // true 
 

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;context&#39; in that specification.</small>]23001 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3743 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [AudioNode]23002 "")
* [Context]3843 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Jedipedia]4038 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Jedipedia]4038 ""),<time>Dec 18, 2017, 4:12:54 AM</time>


