---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioNode/channelCountMode
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]23012 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14157 "")版。</bdi>






The`channelCountMode`property of the[`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")interface represents an enumerated value describing the way channels must be matched between the node&#39;s inputs and outputs.




The possible values of`channelCountMode`and their meanings are:

Value | Description | The following`AudioNode`children default to this value 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`max` | The number of channels is equal to the maximum number of channels of all connections. In this case,`channelCount`is ignored and only up-mixing happens. | [`GainNode`]5035 "The GainNode interface represents a change in volume. It is an AudioNode audio-processing module that causes a given gain to be applied to the input data before its propagation to the output. A GainNode always has exactly one input and one output, both with the same number of channels."),[`DelayNode`]6959 "The DelayNode interface represents a delay-line; an AudioNode audio-processing module that causes a delay between the arrival of an input data and its propagation to the output. A DelayNode always has exactly one input and one output, both with the same amount of channels."),[`ScriptProcessorNode`]3941 ""),[`ChannelMergerNode`]4797 ""),[`BiquadFilterNode`]13984 "The BiquadFilterNode interface represents a simple low-order filter, and is created using the AudioContext.createBiquadFilter() method. It is an AudioNode that can represent different kinds of filters, tone control devices, and graphic equalizers."),[`WaveShaperNode`]14198 "A WaveShaperNode always has exactly one input and one output.") 
`clamped-max` | The number of channels is equal to the maximum number of channels of all connections,<em>clamped</em>to the value of`channelCount`. | [`PannerNode`]3855 "A PannerNode always has exactly one input and one output: the input can be mono or stereo but the output is always stereo (2 channels); you can't have panning effects without at least two audio channels!"),[`ConvolverNode`]5075 "The ConvolverNode interface is an AudioNode that performs a Linear Convolution on a given AudioBuffer, often used to achieve a reverb effect. A ConvolverNode always has exactly one input and one output.") 
`explicit` | The number of channels is defined by the value of`channelCount`. | [`AudioDestinationNode`]3949 "AudioDestinationNode has no output (as it is the output, no more AudioNode can be linked after it in the audio graph) and one input. The number of channels in the input must be between 0 and the maxChannelCount value or an exception is raised."),[`AnalyserNode`]14074 "The AnalyserNode interface represents a node able to provide real-time frequency and time-domain analysis information. It is an AudioNode that passes the audio stream unchanged from the input to the output, but allows you to take the generated data, process it, and create audio visualizations."),[`ChannelSplitterNode`]4798 ""),[`DynamicsCompressorNode`]9823 "Inherits properties from its parent, AudioNode.") 



In older versions of the spec, the default for a[`ChannelSplitterNode`]4798 "")was max.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var oscillator = audioCtx.createOscillator();
oscillator.channelCountMode = 'explicit'; 

```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A enumerated value representing a[channelCountMode]23013 "").


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
var AudioContext = window.AudioContext || window.webkitAudioContext;

var audioCtx = new AudioContext();

var oscillator = audioCtx.createOscillator();
var gainNode = audioCtx.createGain();

oscillator.connect(gainNode);
gainNode.connect(audioCtx.destination);

oscillator.channelCountMode = 'explicit'; 

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;channelCountMode&#39; in that specification.</small>]23014 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Basic support]23015 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3743 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [AudioNode]23002 "")
* [channelCountMode]23016 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Oct 10, 2017, 6:52:12 AM</time>


