---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioNode/channelInterpretation
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%23017 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%14158 "")版。</bdi>






The`channelInterpretation`property of the[`AudioNode`](%3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")interface represents an enumerated value describing the meaning of the channels. This interpretation will define how audio[up-mixing and down-mixing](%3917 "")will happen.




When the number of channels doesn&#39;t match between an input and an output, up- or down-mixing happens according the following rules. This can be somewhat controlled by setting the[`AudioNode.channelInterpretation`](%14158 "When the number of channels doesn't match between an input and an output, up- or down-mixing happens according the following rules. This can be somewhat controlled by setting the AudioNode.channelInterpretation property to speakers or discrete:")property to`speakers`or`discrete`:

Interpretation | Input channels | Output channels | Mixing rules 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`speakers` | `1`<em>(Mono)</em> | `2`<em>(Stereo)</em> | <em>Up-mix from mono to stereo</em>.<br></br>The`M`input channel is used for both output channels (`L`and`R`).<br></br>`output.L = input.M<br></br>output.R = input.M` 
`1`<em>(Mono)</em> | `4`<em>(Quad)</em> | <em>Up-mix from mono to quad.</em><br></br>The`M`input channel is used for non-surround output channels (`L`and`R`). Surround output channels (`SL`and`SR`) are silent.<br></br>`output.L = input.M<br></br>output.R = input.M<br></br>output.SL = 0<br></br>output.SR = 0` 
`1`<em>(Mono)</em> | `6`<em>(5.1)</em> | <em>Up-mix from mono to 5.1.</em><br></br>The`M`input channel is used for the center output channel (`C`). All the others (`L`,`R`,`LFE`,`SL`, and`SR`) are silent.<br></br>`output.L = 0<br></br>output.R = 0`<br></br>`output.C = input.M<br></br>output.LFE = 0<br></br>output.SL = 0<br></br>output.SR = 0` 
`2`<em>(Stereo)</em> | `1`<em>(Mono)</em> | <em>Down-mix from stereo to mono</em>.<br></br>Both input channels (`L`and`R`) are equally combined to produce the unique output channel (`M`).<br></br>`output.M = 0.5 * (input.L + input.R)` 
`2`<em>(Stereo)</em> | `4`<em>(Quad)</em> | <em>Up-mix from stereo to quad.</em><br></br>The`L`and`R`input channels are used for their non-surround respective output channels (`L`and`R`). Surround output channels (`SL`and`SR`) are silent.<br></br>`output.L = input.L<br></br>output.R = input.R<br></br>output.SL = 0<br></br>output.SR = 0` 
`2`<em>(Stereo)</em> | `6`<em>(5.1)</em> | <em>Up-mix from stereo to 5.1.</em><br></br>The`L`and`R`input channels are used for their non-surround respective output channels (`L`and`R`). Surround output channels (`SL`and`SR`), as well as the center (`C`) and subwoofer (`LFE`) channels, are left silent.<br></br>`output.L = input.L<br></br>output.R = input.R<br></br>output.C = 0<br></br>output.LFE = 0<br></br>output.SL = 0<br></br>output.SR = 0` 
`4`<em>(Quad)</em> | `1`<em>(Mono)</em> | <em>Down-mix from quad to mono</em>.<br></br>All four input channels (`L`,`R`,`SL`, and`SR`) are equally combined to produce the unique output channel (`M`).<br></br>`output.M = 0.25 * (input.L + input.R +``input.SL + input.SR``)` 
`4`<em>(Quad)</em> | `2`<em>(Stereo)</em> | <em>Down-mix from quad to stereo</em>.<br></br>Both left input channels (`L`and`SL`) are equally combined to produce the unique left output channel (`L`). And similarly, both right input channels (`R`and`SR`) are equally combined to produce the unique right output channel (`R`).<br></br>`output.L = 0.5 * (input.L + input.SL``)`<br></br>`output.R = 0.5 * (input.R + input.SR``)` 
`4`<em>(Quad)</em> | `6`<em>(5.1)</em> | <em>Up-mix from quad to 5.1.</em><br></br>The`L`,`R`,`SL`, and`SR`input channels are used for their respective output channels (`L`and`R`). Center (`C`) and subwoofer (`LFE`) channels are left silent.<br></br>`output.L = input.L<br></br>output.R = input.R<br></br>output.C = 0<br></br>output.LFE = 0<br></br>output.SL = input.SL<br></br>output.SR = input.SR` 
`6`<em>(5.1)</em> | `1`<em>(Mono)</em> | <em>Down-mix from 5.1 to mono.</em><br></br>The left (`L`and`SL`), right (`R`and`SR`) and central channels are all mixed together. The surround channels are slightly attenuated and the regular lateral channels are power-compensated to make them count as a single channel by multiplying by`√2/2`. The subwoofer (`LFE`) channel is lost.<br></br>`output.M = 0.7071 * (input.L + input.R) + input.C + 0.5 * (input.SL + input.SR)` 
`6`<em>(5.1)</em> | `2`<em>(Stereo)</em> | <em>Down-mix from 5.1 to stereo.</em><br></br>The central channel (`C`) is summed with each lateral surround channel (`SL`or`SR`) and mixed to each lateral channel. As it is mixed down to two channels, it is mixed at a lower power: in each case it is multiplied by`√2/2`. The subwoofer (`LFE`) channel is lost.<br></br>`output.L = input.L + 0.7071 * (input.C + input.SL)<br></br>output.R = input.R``+ 0.7071 * (input.C + input.SR)` 
`6`<em>(5.1)</em> | `4`<em>(Quad)</em> | <em>Down-mix from 5.1 to quad.</em><br></br>The central (`C`) is mixed with the lateral non-surround channels (`L`and`R`). As it is mixed down to two channels, it is mixed at a lower power: in each case it is multiplied by`√2/2`. The surround channels are passed unchanged. The subwoofer (`LFE`) channel is lost.<br></br>`output.L = input.L + 0.7071 * input.C<br></br>output.R = input.R + 0.7071 * input.C<br></br>`output.SL = input.SL<br></br>output.SR = input.SR`` 
Other, non-standard layouts | Non-standard channel layouts are handled as if`channelInterpretation`is set to`discrete`.<br></br>The specification explicitly allows the future definition of new speaker layouts. This fallback is therefore not future proof as the behavior of the browsers for a specific number of channels may change in the future. 
`discrete` | any (`x`) | any (`y`) where`x<y` | <em>Up-mix discrete channels.</em><br></br>Fill each output channel with its input counterpart, that is the input channel with the same index. Channels with no corresponding input channels are left silent. 
any (`x`) | any (`y`) where`x>y` | <em>Down-mix discrete channels.</em><br></br>Fill each output channel with its input counterpart, that is the input channel with the same index. Input channels with no corresponding output channels are dropped. 






## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var oscillator = audioCtx.createOscillator();
oscillator.channelInterpretation = 'discrete'; 

```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


An enumerated value representing a[channelInterpretation](%23018 "").


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
var AudioContext = window.AudioContext || window.webkitAudioContext;

var audioCtx = new AudioContext();

var oscillator = audioCtx.createOscillator();
var gainNode = audioCtx.createGain();

oscillator.connect(gainNode);
gainNode.connect(audioCtx.destination);

oscillator.channelInterpretation = 'discrete'; 

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;channelInterpretation&#39; in that specification.</small>](%23019 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>](%3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API](%3743 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [AudioNode](%23002 "")
* [channelInterpretation](%23020 "")
* [Property](%14490 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Référence(2)](%3892 "")
* [Web Audio API](%3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz](%60 ""),[erikadoyle](%3894 ""),[LiuTong](%22769 ""),[chrisdavidmills](%3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz](%60 ""),<time>Oct 10, 2017, 6:52:49 AM</time>


