---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioParam/value
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]23051 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14177 "")版。</bdi>






Gets or sets the current`value`of this[`AudioParam`]3874 "There are two kinds of AudioParam, a-rate and k-rate parameters:"). Initially, the value is set to[`AudioParam.defaultValue`]14168 "The defaultValue read-only property of the AudioParam interface represents the initial value of the attributes as defined by the specific AudioNode creating the AudioParam."). Part of the[Web Audio API]417 "").



Though`value`can be set, any modifications happening while there are automation events scheduled—that is, events scheduled using the methods of the`AudioParam`—are ignored, without raising any exception.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var curValue = audioParam.value;
audioParam.value = newValue;
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A floating-point[`Number`]14073 "The Number JavaScript object is a wrapper object allowing you to work with numerical values. A Number object is created using the Number() constructor.").


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example instantly changes the volume of a[`GainNode`]5035 "The GainNode interface represents a change in volume. It is an AudioNode audio-processing module that causes a given gain to be applied to the input data before its propagation to the output. A GainNode always has exactly one input and one output, both with the same number of channels.")to 40%.


```
const audioCtx = new AudioContext();
const gainNode = audioCtx.createGain();
gainNode.gain.value = 0.4;
//which is identical to:
gainNode.gain.setValueAtTime(0.4, audioCtx.currentTime); 

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;value&#39; in that specification.</small>]23052 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


When changing the gain value of a[`GainNode`]5035 "The GainNode interface represents a change in volume. It is an AudioNode audio-processing module that causes a given gain to be applied to the input data before its propagation to the output. A GainNode always has exactly one input and one output, both with the same number of channels."), Google Chrome prior to version 64 (January 2018) would perform a smooth interpolation to prevent dezippering. Starting with version 64, the value is changed instantly to bring it in line with the Web Audio spec. See[Chrome Platform Status]23053 "")for details.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3811 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [AudioParam]23043 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [value]23054 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Jedipedia]4038 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Jedipedia]4038 ""),<time>Dec 9, 2017, 6:45:52 PM</time>


