---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-spacing
---





The**`border-spacing`**CSS property specifies the distance between the borders of adjacent[`<table>`]31806 "The HTML <table> element represents tabular data — that is, information presented in a two-dimensional table comprised of rows and columns of cells containing data.")cells. This property applies only when[`border-collapse`]33836 "The border-collapse CSS property specifies whether cells inside a <table> have shared or separate borders.")is`separate`.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/border-spacing.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


The`border-spacing`value is also used along the outside edge of the table, where the distance between the table&#39;s border and the cells in the first/last column or row is the sum of the relevant (horizontal or vertical)`border-spacing`and the relevant (top, right, bottom, or left)[`padding`]29242 "The padding CSS property sets the padding area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual paddings at once: padding-top, padding-right, padding-bottom, and padding-left.")on the table.



**Note:**The`border-spacing`property is equivalent to the deprecated`cellspacing``<table>`attribute, except that it has an optional second value that can be used to set different horizontal and vertical spacing.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* <length> */
border-spacing: 2px;

/* horizontal <length> | vertical <length> */
border-spacing: 1cm 2em;

/* Global values */
border-spacing: inherit;
border-spacing: initial;
border-spacing: unset;
```


The`border-spacing`property may be specified as either one or two values.


* When**one**`<length>`value is specified, it defines both the horizontal and vertical spacings between cells.
* When**two**`<length>`values are specified, the first value defines the horizontal spacing between cells (i.e., the space between cells in adjacent*columns*), and the second value defines the vertical spacing between cells (i.e., the space between cells in adjacent*rows*).

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>The size of the spacing as a fixed value.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<length> <length>?
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
table {
  border-spacing: 5px 12px;
  padding: 0 8px 8px 0;
  border: 1px solid orange;
}

td {
  width: 20px;
  height: 20px;
  border: 1px solid blue;
  text-align: center;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-spacing$samples/Example?revision=1354399' width='100%' height='140'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-spacing&#39; in that specification.</small>]29137 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `0` 
Applies to | `table`and`inline-table`elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | two absolute lengths 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`border-collapse`]33836 "The border-collapse CSS property specifies whether cells inside a <table> have shared or separate borders."),[`border-style`]28815 "The border-style CSS property is a shorthand property that sets the line style for all four sides of an element's border.")
* The`border-spacing`property alters the appearance of the[`<table>`]31806 "The HTML <table> element represents tabular data — that is, information presented in a two-dimensional table comprised of rows and columns of cells containing data.")HTML element.



