---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-flex
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





This is a property for controlling parts of the XUL box model. It does not match either the old CSS Flexible Box Layout Module drafts for &#39;`box-flex`&#39; (which were based on this property) or the behavior of &#39;`-webkit-box-flex`&#39; (which is based on those drafts). See[flexbox]36179 "")for information about the current standard.



The**`-moz-box-flex`**and**`-webkit-box-flex`**[CSS]427 "")properties specify how a`-moz-box`or`-webkit-box`grows to fill the box that contains it, in the direction of the containing box&#39;s layout.


```
/* <number> values */
-moz-box-flex: 0;
-moz-box-flex: 2;
-moz-box-flex: 3.5;
-webkit-box-flex: 0;
-webkit-box-flex: 2;
-webkit-box-flex: 3.5;

/* Global values */
-moz-box-flex: inherit;
-moz-box-flex: initial;
-moz-box-flex: unset;
-webkit-box-flex: inherit;
-webkit-box-flex: initial;
-webkit-box-flex: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `0` 
Applies to | elements that are direct children of an element with a CSS[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")value of[`-moz-box`]36359 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")or[`-moz-inline-box`]36360 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")or[`-webkit-box`]36361 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")or[`-webkit-inline-box`]36362 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`box-flex`property is specified as a[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."). If the value is 0, the box does not grow. If it is greater than 0, the box grows to fill a proportion of the available space.


### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<number>
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <title>-moz-box-flex example</title>
    <style>
      div.example {
        display: -moz-box;
        display: -webkit-box;
        border: 1px solid black;
        width: 100%;                
      }
      div.example > p:nth-child(1) {
        -moz-box-flex: 1;       /* Mozilla */
        -webkit-box-flex: 1;    /* WebKit */
        border: 1px solid black;
      }
      div.example > p:nth-child(2) {
        -moz-box-flex: 0;       /* Mozilla */
        -webkit-box-flex: 0;    /* WebKit */
        border: 1px solid black;
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="example">
      <p>I will expand to fill extra space</p>
      <p>I will not expand</p>
    </div>
  </body>
</html>
```

## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>


The containing box allocates the available extra space in proportion to the flex value of each of the content elements.



Content elements that have zero flex do not grow.



If only one content element has nonzero flex, then it grows to fill the available space.



Content elements that have the same flex grow by the same absolute amounts.



If the flex value is set using the element&#39;s`flex`attribute, then the style is ignored.



To make XUL elements in a containing box the same size, set the containing box&#39;s`equalsize`attribute to the value`always`. This attribute does not have a corresponding CSS property.



A trick to make all content elements in a containing box the same size, is to give them all a fixed size (e.g.`height: 0`), and the same box-flex value greater than zero (e.g.`-moz-box-flex: 1`).


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This property is a non-standard extension. There was an[old draft of the CSS3 Flexbox specification]36342 "")that defined a`box-flex`property, but that draft has since been superseded.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


[`box-orient`]36343 "This is a property of the original CSS Flexible Box Layout Module draft, and has been replaced by a newer standard. See flexbox for information about the current standard."),[`box-pack`]36345 "This is a property of the original CSS Flexible Box Layout Module draft, and has been replaced by a newer standard. See flexbox for information about the current standard."),[`box-direction`]36344 "The box-direction CSS property specifies whether a box lays out its contents normally (from the top or left edge), or in reverse (from the bottom or right edge)."),[`flex`]33917 "The flex CSS property specifies how a flex item will grow or shrink so as to fit the space available in its flex container. This is a shorthand property that sets flex-grow, flex-shrink, and flex-basis.")




