---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::selection
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%33077#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`::selection`**CSS[pseudo-element]3563 "")applies styles to the portion of a document that has been highlighted by the user (such as with the mouse).


```
::selection {
  background: cyan;
}
```

## Allowable properties<a name="Allowable_properties"></a>


Only a small subset of CSS properties can be used in a rule with`::selection`in its selector:


* [`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")
* [`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element.")
* [`cursor`]33487 "The cursor CSS property specifies which mouse cursor to display when the mouse pointer is over an element.")
* [`caret-color`]29459 "The caret-color CSS property sets the color of the insertion caret—the visible indicator of the point at which the next character typed by the user will be inserted—within an element such as <input> or one with the contenteditable attribute set.")
* [`outline`]31389 "The outline CSS property is a shorthand for setting various outline properties in a single declaration: outline-style, outline-width, and outline-color.")and its longhands
* [`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")and its associated properties
* [`text-emphasis-color`]29457 "The text-emphasis-color CSS property defines the color used to draw emphasis marks on text being rendered in the HTML document. This value can also be set and reset using the text-emphasis shorthand.")
* [`text-shadow`]29458 "The text-shadow CSS property adds shadows to text. It accepts a comma-separated list of shadows to be applied to the text and any of its decorations.")


Note that, in particular,[`background-image`]29452 "The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images on an element.")is ignored.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Firefox syntax */
::-moz-selection

::selection

```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div>This text has special styles when you highlight it.</div>
<p>Also try selecting text in this paragraph.</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
/* Make selected text gold on a red background */
::-moz-selection {
  color: gold;
  background: red;
}

::selection {
  color: gold;
  background: red;
} 

/* Make selected text in a paragraph white on a blue background */
p::-moz-selection {
  color: white;
  background: blue;
}

p::selection {
  color: white;
  background: blue;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::selection$samples/Example?revision=1374634' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


It is advisable to not override the operating system&#39;s default selected text style for purely aesthetic reasons, especially if the user has customized them to suit their needs. For people experiencing cognitive concerns or who are less technologically literate, this manipulation may affect their understanding of the functionality.



If overridden, it is important to ensure that the contrast ratio between the color of the selected text and the background of the selected text is high enough that people experiencing low vision conditions will be able to read it when highlighted.



Color contrast ratio is determined by comparing the luminosity of the selected text and the selected text background color values. In order to meet current[Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)]31391 ""), a ratio of 4.5:1 is required for text content and 3:1 for larger text such as headings. Large text is defined as 18.66px and[bold]31392 "")or larger, or 24px or larger.


* [WebAIM: Color Contrast Checker]31393 "")
* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.4 explanations]30213 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 1.4.3 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]31394 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Pseudo-Elements Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;::selection&#39; in that specification.</small>]31966 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 



**Note:**Though`::selection`was present in drafts of CSS Selectors Level 3, it was removed during the Candidate Recommendation phase because its behavior was under-specified (especially with nested elements) and interoperability wasn&#39;t achieved[(based on discussion in the W3C Style mailing list)]31965 ""). It was brought back in[Pseudo-Elements Level 4]36902 "").



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1.1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>




