---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-focusring
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`:-moz-focusring`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-class]29702 "")is a[Mozilla extension]28318 "")that is similar to the[`:focus`]31390 "The :focus CSS pseudo-class represents an element (such as a form input) that has received focus. It is generally triggered when the user clicks or taps on an element or selects it with the keyboard's "tab" key.")pseudo-class, but it only matches an element if it&#39;s currently focused*and*a focus ring or other indicator should be drawn around it.



If`:-moz-focusring`matches, then`:focus`also matches, but the converse is not always true: it depends on whether the[user agent]32005 "")has focus ring drawing enabled and how the element was focused. Whether the user agent has focus ring drawing enabled can depend on operating system settings and other factors, so the precise behavior of this pseudo-class will vary from platform to platform.



**Note**: Developers tend to use`:-moz-focusring`to differentiate between the`focus`state when the user focuses an element via a**mouse****click**versus**keyboard tabbing**. It is also potentially useful if you are creating a[custom element]36136 "")and you want to change its style based on its behavior.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
:-moz-focusring
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<input />
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
input {
  margin: 5px;
}

:-moz-focusring {
  color: red;
  outline: 2px dotted green;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-focusring$samples/Example?revision=1373764' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This feature is not defined in any specification yet, though it was[discussed in the working group]36137 "")and it was[decided to add it to Selectors 4 or 5]36138 "").


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | ? | [4.0]3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2) | ? | ? | ? 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [bug 418521]36139 "FIXED: Focus ring appears on mouse interactions (as opposed to only when tabbing through items)")



