---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Element/releasePointerCapture
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26601 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26602 "")版。</bdi>






Releases (stops)*pointer capture*that was previously set for a specific ([`PointerEvent`]26603 "The PointerEvent interface represents the state of a DOM event produced by a pointer such as the geometry of the contact point, the device type that generated the event, the amount of pressure that was applied on the contact surface, etc."))*pointer*.



See the**[`Element.setPointerCapture()`]26604 "Pointer capture allows events for a particular pointer event (PointerEvent) to be re-targeted to a particular element instead of the normal target (or hit test) at a pointer's location. This can be used to ensure that an element continues to receive pointer events even if the pointer device's contact moves off the element (for example by scrolling).")**method for a description of*pointer capture*and how to set it for a particular element.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
targetElement.releasePointerCapture(pointerId);

```

### Arguments<a name="Arguments"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>*pointerId*</dt><dd>The[`identifier`]26605 "An identifier assigned to a pointer event that is unique from the identifiers of all active pointer events at the time. Authors cannot assume values convey any particular meaning other than an identifier for the pointer that is unique from all other active pointers.")for a[`pointer event`]26603 "The PointerEvent interface represents the state of a DOM event produced by a pointer such as the geometry of the contact point, the device type that generated the event, the amount of pressure that was applied on the contact surface, etc.").</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


If`pointerId`does not match any the active pointers, this method returns`void`and throws a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with the name`InvalidPointerId`.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
<html>
<script>
function downHandler(ev) {
 var el=document.getElementById("target");
 // Element "target" will receive/capture further events
 el.setPointerCapture(ev.pointerId);
}
function cancelHandler(ev) {
 var el=document.getElementById("target");
 // Release the pointer capture
 el.releasePointerCapture(ev.pointerId);
}
function init() {
 var el=document.getElementById("target");
 // Register pointerdown and pointercancel handlers
 el.onpointerdown = downHandler;
 el.onpointercancel = cancelHandler;
}
</script>
<body onload="init();">
<div id="target"> Touch me ... </div>
</body>
</html>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Pointer Events – Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;releasePointerCapture&#39; in that specification.</small>]26606 "") | Working Draft | Non-stable version. 
[Pointer Events<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;releasePointerCapture&#39; in that specification.</small>]26607 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 35<sup>[1]</sup> | [59]17090 "Released on undefined.")(59) | 10[-ms]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-ms' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>11 | ? | No support 





[1] This was implemented in[bug 248918]26516 "").



[2] Supported behind the preference`dom.w3c_pointer_events.enabled`, defaulting to`false`.






## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Element.setPointerCapture()`]26604 "Pointer capture allows events for a particular pointer event (PointerEvent) to be re-targeted to a particular element instead of the normal target (or hit test) at a pointer's location. This can be used to ensure that an element continues to receive pointer events even if the pointer device's contact moves off the element (for example by scrolling).")
* [`Pointer Events`]26608 "Most of today's web content assumes the user's pointing device will be a mouse. However, since many devices support other types of pointing input devices, such as pen/stylus and touch surfaces, extensions to the existing pointing device event models are needed and pointer events address that need.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Element]10334 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [PointerEvent]26609 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[AFBarstow]6896 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 9:50:40 AM</time>


