---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-style
---





The**`border-style`**[CSS]28350 "CSS")property is a[shorthand property]28797 "")that sets the line style for all four sides of an element&#39;s border.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/border-style.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
border-top-style: none;
border-top-style: hidden;
border-top-style: dotted;
border-top-style: dashed;
border-top-style: solid;
border-top-style: double;
border-top-style: groove;
border-top-style: ridge;
border-top-style: inset;
border-top-style: outset;

/* vertical | horizontal */
border-style: dotted solid;

/* top | horizontal | bottom */
border-style: hidden double dashed;

/* top | right | bottom | left */
border-style: none solid dotted dashed; 

/* Global values */
border-style: inherit;
border-style: initial;
border-style: unset;
```


The`border-style`property may be specified using one, two, three, or four values.


* When**one**value is specified, it applies the same style to**all four sides**.
* When**two**values are specified, the first style applies to the**top and bottom**, the second to the**left and right**.
* When**three**values are specified, the first style applies to the**top**, the second to the**left and right**, the third to the**bottom**.
* When**four**values are specified, the styles apply to the**top**,**right**,**bottom**, and**left**in that order (clockwise).


Each value is a keyword chosen from the list below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<br-style>`</dt><dd>Describes the style of the border. It can have the following values:
`none` |  | Like the`hidden`keyword, displays no border. Unless a[`background-image`]29452 "The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images on an element.")is set, the calculated value of[`border-top-width`]28811 "The border-top-width CSS property sets the width of the top border of a box.")will be`0`, even if the specified value is something else. In the case of table cell and border collapsing, the`none`value has the*lowest*priority: if any other conflicting border is set, it will be displayed. 
`hidden` |  | Like the`none`keyword, displays no border. Unless a[`background-image`]29452 "The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images on an element.")is set, the calculated value of[`border-top-width`]28811 "The border-top-width CSS property sets the width of the top border of a box.")will be`0`, even if the specified value is something else. In the case of table cell and border collapsing, the`hidden`value has the*highest*priority: if any other conflicting border is set, it won&#39;t be displayed. 
`dotted` |  | Displays a series of rounded dots. The spacing of the dots is not defined by the specification and is implementation-specific. The radius of the dots is half the calculated[`border-top-width`]28811 "The border-top-width CSS property sets the width of the top border of a box."). 
`dashed` |  | Displays a series of short square-ended dashes or line segments. The exact size and length of the segments are not defined by the specification and are implementation-specific. 
`solid` |  | Displays a single, straight, solid line. 
`double` |  | Displays two straight lines that add up to the pixel size defined by[`border-width`]28810 "The border-width CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the widths on all four sides of an element's border.")or[`border-top-width`]28811 "The border-top-width CSS property sets the width of the top border of a box."). 
`groove` |  | Displays a border with a carved appearance. It is the opposite of`ridge`. 
`ridge` |  | Displays a border with an extruded appearance. It is the opposite of`groove`. 
`inset` |  | Displays a border that makes the element appear embedded. It is the opposite of`outset`. When applied to a table cell with[`border-collapse`]33836 "The border-collapse CSS property specifies whether cells inside a <table> have shared or separate borders.")set to`collapsed`, this value behaves like`groove`. 
`outset` |  | Displays a border that makes the element appear embossed. It is the opposite of`inset`. When applied to a table cell with[`border-collapse`]33836 "The border-collapse CSS property specifies whether cells inside a <table> have shared or separate borders.")set to`collapsed`, this value behaves like`ridge`. 

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<br-style>{1,4}where <br-style> = none | hidden | dotted | dashed | solid | double | groove | ridge | inset | outset
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Table with all property values<a name="Table_with_all_property_values"></a>


Here is an example of all the property values.


#### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<table>
  <tr>
    <td class="b1">none</td>
    <td class="b2">hidden</td>
    <td class="b3">dotted</td>
    <td class="b4">dashed</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="b5">solid</td>
    <td class="b6">double</td>
    <td class="b7">groove</td>
    <td class="b8">ridge</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="b9">inset</td>
    <td class="b10">outset</td>
  </tr>
</table>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
/* Define look of the table */
table {
  border-width: 3px;
  background-color: #52E396;
}
tr, td {
  padding: 2px;
}

/* border-style example classes */
.b1 {border-style:none;}
.b2 {border-style:hidden;}
.b3 {border-style:dotted;}
.b4 {border-style:dashed;}
.b5 {border-style:solid;}
.b6 {border-style:double;}
.b7 {border-style:groove;}
.b8 {border-style:ridge;}
.b9 {border-style:inset;}
.b10 {border-style:outset;}
```

#### Output<a name="Output"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-style$samples/Table_with_all_property_values?revision=1351220' width='300' height='200'></iframe>



## Specific​ations<a name="Specific​ations"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Backgrounds and Borders Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-style&#39; in that specification.</small>]29144 "") | Candidate Recommendation | No change. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-style&#39; in that specification.</small>]29145 "") | Recommendation | Adds`hidden`keyword value. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-style&#39; in that specification.</small>]29146 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`border-top-style`]28816 "The border-top-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's top border."):`none`
* [`border-right-style`]28817 "The border-right-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's right border."):`none`
* [`border-bottom-style`]28818 "The border-bottom-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's bottom border."):`none`
* [`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border."):`none` 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables)."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`border-bottom-style`]28818 "The border-bottom-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's bottom border."): as specified
* [`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border."): as specified
* [`border-right-style`]28817 "The border-right-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's right border."): as specified
* [`border-top-style`]28816 "The border-top-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's top border."): as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2.6 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The border-related shorthand CSS properties:[`border`]29117 "The border CSS property is a shorthand for setting all individual border property values in a single declaration: border-width, border-style, and border-color."),[`border-width`]28810 "The border-width CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the widths on all four sides of an element's border."),[`border-color`]28869 "The border-color CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the colors on all four sides of an element's border."),[`border-radius`]28741 "The border-radius CSS property lets you round the corners of an element's outer border edge. You can specify a single radius to make circular corners, or two radii to make elliptical corners.")



