---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function/translateZ
---





Your browser does not support MathML. A CSS fallback has been used instead.




The**`translateZ()`**[CSS]427 "")function repositions an element along the z-axis in 3D space, i.e., closer to or farther away from the viewer. Its result is a[`<transform-function>`]28337 "The <transform-function> CSS data type represents a transformation that affects an element's appearance. Transformation functions can rotate, resize, distort, or move an element in 2D or 3D space. It is used in the transform property.")data type.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/function-translateZ.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


This transformation is defined by a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")which specifies how far inward or outward the element or elements move.



**Note:**`translateZ(tz)`is equivalent to`[translate3d]32478 "")(0, 0, tz)`.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
translateZ(tz)

```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`tz`</dt><dd>A[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")representing the z-component of the translating vector. A positive value moves the element towards the viewer, and a negative value farther away.</dd></dl>
Cartesian coordinates on ℝ<sup>2</sup> | Homogeneous coordinates on ℝℙ<sup>2</sup> | Cartesian coordinates on ℝ<sup>3</sup> | Homogeneous coordinates on ℝℙ<sup>3</sup> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
This transformation applies to the 3D space and can&#39;t be represented on the plane. | A translation is not a linear transformation in ℝ<sup>3</sup>and can&#39;t be represented using a Cartesian-coordinate matrix. | <math><mfenced><mtable><mtr>1<mtd>0</mtd><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>0</mtd></mtr><mtr>0<mtd>1</mtd><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>0</mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>1</mtd><mtd>t</mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>1</mtd></mtr></mtable></mfenced></math> 


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


In this example, two boxes are created. One is positioned normally on the page, without being translated at all. The second is altered by applying perspective to create a 3D space, then moved towards the user.


### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div>Static</div>
<div class="moved">Moved</div>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
div {
  position: relative;
  width: 60px;
  height: 60px;
  left: 100px;
  background-color: skyblue;
}

.moved {
  transform: perspective(500px) translateZ(200px);
  background-color: pink;
}
```


What really matters here is the class &quot;moved&quot;; let&#39;s take a look at what it does. First, the`[perspective()]32479 "")`function positions the viewer relative to the plane that lies where z=0 (in essence, the surface of the screen). A value of`500px`means the user is 500 pixels &quot;in front of&quot; the imagery located at z=0.



Then, the`translateZ()`function moves the element 200 pixels &quot;outward&quot; from the screen, toward the user. This has the effect of making the element appear larger when viewed on a 2D display, or closer when viewed using a VR headset or other 3D display device.


### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function/translateZ$samples/Examples?revision=1358407' width='250' height='250'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Transforms Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;transform&#39; in that specification.</small>]32480 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Adds 3D transform functions to the CSS Transforms standard. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Please see the`[&lt;transform-function&gt;](%28337#Browser_compatibility "")`data type for compatibility info.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`transform`]6321 "The transform CSS property lets you rotate, scale, skew, or translate a given element. This is achieved by modifying the coordinate space of the CSS visual formatting model.")
* [`<transform-function>`]28337 "The <transform-function> CSS data type represents a transformation that affects an element's appearance. Transformation functions can rotate, resize, distort, or move an element in 2D or 3D space. It is used in the transform property.")



