---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/basic-shape
---





The**`<basic-shape>`**[CSS]427 "")[data type]27786 "")represents a shape used in the[`clip-path`]29240 "The clip-path CSS property creates a clipping region that defines what part of an element should be displayed. More specifically, those portions that are inside the region are shown, while those outside are hidden.")or[`shape-outside`]31981 "The shape-outside CSS property defines a shape—which may be non-rectangular—around which adjacent inline content should wrap")properties.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/type-basic-shape.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`<basic-shape>`data type is defined with one of the basic shape functions listed below.



When creating a shape, the reference box is defined by each property that uses`<basic-shape>`values. The coordinate system for the shape has its origin at the top-left corner of the reference box, with the x-axis running to the right and the y-axis running downwards. All the lengths expressed in percentages are resolved from the used dimensions of the reference box.


### Shape functions<a name="Shape_functions"></a>


The following shapes are supported. All`<basic-shape>`values use functional notation and are defined here using the[value definition syntax]28301 "").

<dl><dt id=''>`inset()`</dt><dd>
```
inset( <shape-arg>{1,4} [round <border-radius>]? )
```


Defines an inset rectangle.



When all of the first four arguments are supplied they represent the top, right, bottom and left offsets from the reference box inward that define the positions of the edges of the inset rectangle. These arguments follow the syntax of the margin shorthand, that let you set all four insets with one, two or four values.



The optional[`<border-radius>`]28741 "")argument(s) define rounded corners for the inset rectangle using the border-radius shorthand syntax.



A pair of insets in either dimension that add up to more than the used dimension (such as left and right insets of 75% apiece) define a shape enclosing no area. For this specification, this results in an empty float area.

</dd><dt id=''>`circle()`</dt><dd>
```
circle( [<shape-radius>]? [at <position>]? )
```


The`<shape-radius>`argument represents*r*, the radius of the circle. Negative values are invalid. A percentage value here is resolved from the used width and height of the reference box as`sqrt(width^2+height^2)/sqrt(2)`.



The[`<position>`]28332 "The <position> CSS data type denotes a two-dimensional coordinate used to set a location relative to an element box. It is used in the background-position property.")argument defines the center of the circle. This defaults to center if omitted.

</dd><dt id=''>`ellipse()`</dt><dd>
```
ellipse( [<shape-radius>{2}]? [at <position>]? )
```


The`<shape-radius>`arguments represent r<sub>x</sub>and r<sub>y</sub>, the x-axis and y-axis radii of the ellipse, in that order. Negative values for either radius are invalid. Percentage values here are resolved against the used width (for the r<sub>x</sub>value) and the used height (for the r<sub>y</sub>value) of the reference box.



The position argument defines the center of the ellipse. This defaults to center if omitted.

</dd><dt id=''>`polygon()`</dt><dd>
```
polygon( [<fill-rule>,]? [<shape-arg> <shape-arg>]# )
```


`<fill-rule>`represents the[filling rule]28740 "")used to determine the interior of the polygon. Possible values are`nonzero`and`evenodd`. Default value when omitted is`nonzero`.



Each pair argument in the list represents*x<sub>i</sub>*and*y<sub>i</sub>*- the x and y axis coordinates of the i<sup>th</sup>vertex of the polygon.

</dd></dl>

The arguments not defined above are defined as follows:


```
<shape-arg> = <length> | <percentage>
<shape-radius> = <length> | <percentage> | closest-side | farthest-side
```


Defines a radius for a circle or ellipse. If omitted it defaults to`closest-side`.



`closest-side`uses the length from the center of the shape to the closest side of the reference box. For circles, this is the closest side in any dimension. For ellipses, this is the closest side in the radius dimension.



`farthest-side`uses the length from the center of the shape to the farthest side of the reference box. For circles, this is the farthest side in any dimension. For ellipses, this is the farthest side in the radius dimension.


## Computed values of basic shapes<a name="Computed_values_of_basic_shapes"></a>


The values in a`<basic-shape>`function are computed as specified, with these exceptions:


* Omitted values are included and compute to their defaults.
* A[`<position>`]28332 "The <position> CSS data type denotes a two-dimensional coordinate used to set a location relative to an element box. It is used in the background-position property.")value in`circle()`or`ellipse()`is computed as a pair of offsets (horizontal then vertical) from the top left origin, each given as a combination of an absolute length and a percentage.
* A[`<border-radius>`]28741 "")value in`inset()`is computed as an expanded list of all eight[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")or percentage values.

## Interpolation of basic shapes<a name="Interpolation_of_basic_shapes"></a>


When animating between one`<basic-shape>`and another, the rules below are applied. The values in the shape functions interpolate as a simple list. The list values interpolate as[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow."),[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size."), or[`calc()`]33418 "REDIRECT calc [en-US]")where possible. If list values are not one of those types but are identical (such as finding`nonzero`in the same list position in both lists), those values do interpolate.


* Both shapes must use the same reference box.
* If both shapes are the same type, that type is`ellipse()`or`circle()`, and none of the radii use the`closest-side`or`farthest-side`keywords, interpolate between each value in the shape functions.
* If both shapes are of type`inset()`, interpolate between each value in the shape functions.
* If both shapes are of type`polygon()`, both polygons have the same number of vertices, and use the same`<fill-rule>`, interpolate between each value in the shape functions.
* In all other cases no interpolation occurs.

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Animated polygon<a name="Animated_polygon"></a>

#### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div></div>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
div {
  width: 300px;
  height: 300px;
  background: repeating-linear-gradient(red, orange 50px);
  clip-path: polygon(50% 0%, 60% 40%, 100% 50%, 60% 60%, 50% 100%, 40% 60%, 0% 50%, 40% 40%);
  animation: 4s poly infinite alternate ease-in-out;
  margin: 10px auto;
}

@keyframes poly {
  from {
    clip-path: polygon(50% 0%, 60% 40%, 100% 50%, 60% 60%, 50% 100%, 40% 60%, 0% 50%, 40% 40%);
  }

  to {
    clip-path: polygon(50% 30%, 100% 0%, 70% 50%, 100% 100%, 50% 70%, 0% 100%, 30% 50%, 0% 0%);
  }
}
```

#### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/basic-shape$samples/Animated_polygon?revision=1377096' width='340' height='340'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Shapes Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;basic-shape&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]28743 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`inset()`]28744 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`circle()`]33419 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`polygon()`]33420 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[Animation]28745 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Properties that use this data type:[`clip-path`]29240 "The clip-path CSS property creates a clipping region that defines what part of an element should be displayed. More specifically, those portions that are inside the region are shown, while those outside are hidden."),[`shape-outside`]31981 "The shape-outside CSS property defines a shape—which may be non-rectangular—around which adjacent inline content should wrap")
* [Edit Shape Paths in CSS — Firefox Developer Tools]33421 "")



