---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/filter-function
---





The`**&lt;filter-function&gt;**`[CSS]427 "")[data type]27786 "")represents a graphical effect that can change the appearance of an input image. It is used in the[`filter`]23741 "The filter CSS property lets you apply graphical effects like blurring or color shifting to an element. Filters are commonly used to adjust the rendering of images, backgrounds, and borders.")and[`backdrop-filter`]33466 "The backdrop-filter CSS property lets you apply graphical effects such as blurring or color shifting to the area behind an element. Because it applies to everything behind the element, to see the effect you must make the element or its background at least partially transparent.")properties.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`<filter-function>`data type is specified using one of the filter functions listed below. Each function requires an argument which, if invalid, results in no filter being applied.

<dl><dt id=''>`[blur()]28779 "")`</dt><dd>Blurs the image.</dd><dt id=''>`[brightness()]29301 "")`</dt><dd>Makes the image brighter or darker.</dd><dt id=''>`[contrast()]29546 "")`</dt><dd>Increases or decreases the image&#39;s contrast.</dd><dt id=''>`[drop-shadow()]29781 "")`</dt><dd>Applies a drop shadow behind the image.</dd><dt id=''>`[grayscale()]29870 "")`</dt><dd>Converts the image to grayscale.</dd><dt id=''>`[hue-rotate()]29871 "")`</dt><dd>Changes the overall hue of the image.</dd><dt id=''>`[invert()]29872 "")`</dt><dd>Inverts the colors of the image.</dd><dt id=''>`[opacity()]29873 "")`</dt><dd>Makes the image transparent.</dd><dt id=''>`[saturate()]29874 "")`</dt><dd>Super-saturates or desaturates the input image.</dd><dt id=''>`[sepia()]29875 "")`</dt><dd>Converts the image to sepia.</dd></dl>
## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comments 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Filter Effects Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;filter-function&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]29876 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Properties that use this data type:[`filter`]23741 "The filter CSS property lets you apply graphical effects like blurring or color shifting to an element. Filters are commonly used to adjust the rendering of images, backgrounds, and borders.")and[`backdrop-filter`]33466 "The backdrop-filter CSS property lets you apply graphical effects such as blurring or color shifting to the area behind an element. Because it applies to everything behind the element, to see the effect you must make the element or its background at least partially transparent.")



