---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CSSStyleDeclaration/parentRule
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]23475 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14294 "")版。</bdi>






The**CSSStyleDeclaration.parentRule**read-only property returns a[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below.")that is the parent of this style block, e.g. a[`CSSStyleRule`]14297 "CSSStyleRule represents a single CSS style rule. It implements the CSSRule interface with a type value of 1 (CSSRule.STYLE_RULE).")representing the style for a CSS selector.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var rule = styles.parentRule;
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


The CSS rule that contains this declaration block or`null`if this[`CSSStyleDeclaration`]4486 "CSSStyleDeclaration represents a collection of CSS property-value pairs. It is used in a few APIs:")is not attached to a[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below.").


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following JavaScript code gets the parent CSS style rule from a[`CSSStyleDeclaration`]4486 "CSSStyleDeclaration represents a collection of CSS property-value pairs. It is used in a few APIs:"):


```
var declaration = document.styleSheets[0].rules[0].style;
var rule = declaration.parentRule;
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Object Model (CSSOM)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSStyleDeclaration.parentRule&#39; in that specification.</small>]23476 "") | Working Draft |  
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Style Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSStyleDeclaration&#39; in that specification.</small>]23473 "") | Obsolete |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSOM]4437 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[connorshea]5516 ""),[david_ross]3412 ""),[Qantas94Heavy]23477 "")
**最后编辑者:**[connorshea]5516 ""),<time>Jun 22, 2018, 11:41:24 AM</time>


