---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Cache/matchAll
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]23545 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14311 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%4694#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`matchAll()`**method of the[`Cache`]14305 "The Cache interface provides a storage mechanism for Request / Response object pairs that are cached, for example as part of the ServiceWorker life cycle. Note that the Cache interface is exposed to windowed scopes as well as workers. You don't have to use it in conjunction with service workers, even though it is defined in the service worker spec.")interface returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves to an array of all matching requests in the[`Cache`]14305 "The Cache interface provides a storage mechanism for Request / Response object pairs that are cached, for example as part of the ServiceWorker life cycle. Note that the Cache interface is exposed to windowed scopes as well as workers. You don't have to use it in conjunction with service workers, even though it is defined in the service worker spec.")object.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
cache.matchAll(request,{options}).then(function(response) {
  //do something with the response array
});
```

### Returns<a name="Returns"></a>


a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves to an array of all matching requests in the[`Cache`]14305 "The Cache interface provides a storage mechanism for Request / Response object pairs that are cached, for example as part of the ServiceWorker life cycle. Note that the Cache interface is exposed to windowed scopes as well as workers. You don't have to use it in conjunction with service workers, even though it is defined in the service worker spec.")object.



**Note**:[`Cache.match()`]14310 "The match() method of the Cache interface returns a Promise that resolves to the Response associated with the first matching request in the Cache object. If no match is found, the Promise resolves to undefined.")is basically identical to`Cache.matchAll()`, except it resolves with`response[0]`(i.e. the first matching response) instead of`response`(all matching response in an array).



### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>request</dt><dd>The[`Request`]14318 "The Request interface of the Fetch API represents a resource request.")you are attempting to find in the[`Cache`]14305 "The Cache interface provides a storage mechanism for Request / Response object pairs that are cached, for example as part of the ServiceWorker life cycle. Note that the Cache interface is exposed to windowed scopes as well as workers. You don't have to use it in conjunction with service workers, even though it is defined in the service worker spec.").</dd><dt id=''>optionsOptional</dt><dd>An options object allowing you to set specific control options for the matching done in the`match`operation. The available options are:
* `ignoreSearch`: A[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")that specifies whether the matching process should ignore the query string in the url. If set to`true`, the`?value=bar`part of`http://foo.com/?value=bar`would be ignored when performing a match. It defaults to`false`.
* `ignoreMethod`: A[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")that, when set to`true`, prevents matching operations from validating the[`Request`]14318 "The Request interface of the Fetch API represents a resource request.")`http`method (normally only`GET`and`HEAD`are allowed.) It defaults to`false`.
* `ignoreVary`: A[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")that when set to`true`tells the matching operation not to perform`VARY`header matching — i.e. if the URL matches you will get a match regardless of the[`Response`]14255 "The Response interface of the Fetch API represents the response to a request.")object having a`VARY`header or not. It defaults to`false`.
* `cacheName`: A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that represents a specific cache to search within.**Note that this option is ignored by`Cache.matchAll()`.**
</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
caches.open('v1').then(function(cache) {
  cache.matchAll('/images/').then(function(response) {
    response.forEach(function(element, index, array) {
      cache.delete(element);
    });
  });
})
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Cache&#39; in that specification.</small>]4700 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using Service Workers]4703 "")
* [`Cache`]14305 "The Cache interface provides a storage mechanism for Request / Response object pairs that are cached, for example as part of the ServiceWorker life cycle. Note that the Cache interface is exposed to windowed scopes as well as workers. You don't have to use it in conjunction with service workers, even though it is defined in the service worker spec.")
* [`WorkerGlobalScope.caches`]23516 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Cache]4707 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [matchAll]23547 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Service Workers]4709 "")
* [ServiceWorker]4904 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[nhiroki]23548 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 2, 2018, 1:47:26 AM</time>


