---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FileSystemDirectoryReader
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]11157 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]11158 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The`FileSystemDirectoryReader`interface of the[File and Directory Entries API]6832 "")lets you access the[`FileEntry`]11159 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")-based objects (generally[`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file.")or[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")) representing each entry in a directory.



Because this is a non-standard API, whose specification is not currently on a standards track, it&#39;s important to keep in mind that not all browsers implement it, and those that do may implement only small portions of it. Check the[Browser compatibility](%2711#Browser_compatibility "")section for details.



## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`readEntries()`]11163 "The FileSystemDirectoryReader interface's readEntries() method retrieves the directory entries within the directory being read and delivers them in an array to a provided callback function.")</dt><dd>Returns a an array containing some number of the directory&#39;s entries. Each item in the array is an object based on[`FileSystemEntry`]11164 "The FileSystemEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a single in a file system. The entry can be a file or a directory (directories are represented by the DirectoryEntry interface). It includes methods for working with files—including copying, moving, removing, and reading files—as well as information about a file it points to—including the file name and its path from the root to the entry.")—typically either[`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file.")or[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.").</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[File and Directory Entries API]11146 "The 'File and Directory Entries API' specification") | Draft | Draft of proposed API 



This API has no official W3C or WHATWG specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Microsoft Edge | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 13[webkit]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'webkit' as this browser considers it experimental") | (Yes) | [50]6835 "Released on 2016-11-08.")(50) | No support | (Yes)<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support 





[1] Implemented in Microsoft Edge as`WebKitDirectoryReader`.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [File and Directory Entries API]6832 "")
* [Introduction to the File System API]11153 "")
* [`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")
* [`FileSystem`]11165 "The File and Directory Entries API interface FileSystem is used to represent a file system. These objects can be obtained from the filesystem property on any file system entry. Some browsers offer additional APIs to create and manage file systems, such as Chrome's requestFileSystem() method.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [File and Directory Entries API]11166 "")
* [File System API]7246 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [FileSystemDirectoryReader]11167 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Offline]4708 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[libbymc]5110 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[jswisher]11168 ""),[idupree]11169 ""),[Jeremie]4470 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[grendel]7253 "")
**最后编辑者:**[libbymc]5110 ""),<time>Dec 16, 2016, 9:58:27 AM</time>


