---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLBaseFontElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]12163 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]12164 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.





The**`HTMLBaseFontElement`**interface provides special properties (beyond the regular[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating[`<basefont>`]12165 "The obsolete HTML Base Font element (<basefont>) sets a default font face, size, and color for the other elements which are descended from its parent element.")elements.



The`<basefont>`element has been deprecated in HTML4 and removed in HTML5. This latest specification requires that this element implements[`HTMLUnknownElement`]12166 "The HTMLUnknownElement interface represents an invalid HTML element and derives from the HTMLElement interface, but without implementing any additional properties or methods.")rather than`HTMLBaseFontElement`.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLBaseFontElement.color`]12167 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the text color using either a named color or a color specified in the hexadecimal`#RRGGBB`format.</dd><dt>[`HTMLBaseFontElement.face`]12168 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing a list of one or more font names. The document text in the default style is rendered in the first font face that the client&#39;s browser supports. If no font listed is installed on the local system, the browser typically defaults to the proportional or fixed-width font for that system.</dd><dt>[`HTMLBaseFontElement.size`]12169 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the font size as either a numeric or relative value. Numeric values range from`1`to`7`with`1`being the smallest and`3`the default. Relative value starts with a`'+'`or a`'-`&#39;.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLBaseFontElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12170 "") | Obsolete | No change 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLBaseFontElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12171 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`color`]12172 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`face`]12173 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`size`]12174 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element[`<basefont>`]12165 "The obsolete HTML Base Font element (<basefont>) sets a default font face, size, and color for the other elements which are descended from its parent element.")<em>was</em>implementing this interface.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[kollishivagangadhar]12175 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 2, 2018, 2:25:11 AM</time>


