---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLDataElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]12269 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]12270 "")版。</bdi>






The**`HTMLDataElement`**interface provides special properties (beyond the regular[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating[`<data>`]12271 "The HTML <data> element links a given content with a machine-readable translation. If the content is time- or date-related, the <time> element must be used.")elements.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLDataElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1389048' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLDataElement.value`]12272 "The value property of the HTMLDataElement interface returns a DOMString reflecting the value HTML attribute.")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")reflecting the`[value]12273 "")`HTML attribute, containing a machine-readable form of the element&#39;s value.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLDataElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12274 "") | Living Standard | No change 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLDataElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12275 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`value`]12276 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<data>`]12271 "The HTML <data> element links a given content with a machine-readable translation. If the content is time- or date-related, the <time> element must be used.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [data]12277 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [HTMLDataElement]12278 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[jpmedley]3413 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[valtlai]12279 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[slimsag]12151 ""),[kollishivagangadhar]12175 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[1UnitedPower]12280 "")
**最后编辑者:**[jpmedley]3413 ""),<time>Jun 18, 2018, 3:03:47 PM</time>


