---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLEmbedElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]12382 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]12383 "")版。</bdi>






The**`HTMLEmbedElement`**interface, which provides special properties (beyond the regular[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating[`<embed>`]12384 "The HTML <embed> element embeds external content at the specified point in the document. This content is provided by an external application or other source of interactive content such as a browser plug-in.")elements.



This topic describes the`HTMLEmbedElement`interface as defined in the standard. It does not address earlier, non-standardized version of the interface.


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLEmbedElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1374126' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLEmbedElement.align`]12385 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing an enumerated property indicating alignment of the element&#39;s contents with respect to the surrounding context. The possible values are`"left"`,`"right"`,`"center"`, and`"justify"`.</dd><dt>[`HTMLEmbedElement.height`]12386 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")reflecting the`[height]12387 "")`HTML attribute, containing the displayed height of the resource.</dd><dt>[`HTMLEmbedElement.name`]12388 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the name of the embedded object.</dd><dt>[`HTMLEmbedElement.src`]12389 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[src]12390 "")`HTML attribute, containing the address of the resource.</dd><dt>[`HTMLEmbedElement.type`]12391 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[type]12392 "")`HTML attribute, containing the type of the resource.</dd><dt>[`HTMLEmbedElement.width`]12393 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[width]12394 "")`HTML attribute, containing the displayed width of the resource.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLEmbedElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12395 "") | Living Standard | No change from[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification"), but it formally adds two obsolete properties,`name`and`align`, to help with compatibility with old Web sites. 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLEmbedElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12396 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<embed>`]12384 "The HTML <embed> element embeds external content at the specified point in the document. This content is provided by an external application or other source of interactive content such as a browser plug-in.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsNewLayout]12268 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[mussali]12397 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[slimsag]12151 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[MHasan]6763 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[ethertank]65 ""),[jswisher]11168 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:42:41 AM</time>


