---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLFontElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]12407 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]12408 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.





Implements the document object model (DOM) representation of the font element. The HTML Font Element[`<font>`]12409 "The HTML Font Element (<font>) defines the font size, color and face for its content.")defines the font size, font face and color of text.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLFontElement.color`]12410 "The obsolete HTMLFontElement.color property is a DOMString that reflects the color HTML attribute, containing either a named color or a color specified in the hexadecimal #RRGGBB format.")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[color]12411 "")`HTML attribute, containing either a named color or a color specified in the hexadecimal #RRGGBB format.</dd><dt>[`HTMLFontElement.face`]12412 "The obsolete HTMLFontElement.face property is a DOMString that reflects the face HTML attribute, containing a comma-separated list of one or more font names.")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[face]12413 "")`HTML attribute, containing a comma-separated list of one or more font names.</dd><dt>[`HTMLFontElement.size`]12414 "The obsolete HTMLFontElement.size property is a DOMString that reflects the size HTML attribute. It contains either an integer number in the range of 1-7 or a relative value to increase/decrease the value of the size attribute of the <basefont> element.")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that reflects the`[size]12415 "")`HTML attribute, containing either a font size number ranging from 1 to 7 or a relative size to the`[size]12416 "")`attribute of the[`<basefont>`]12165 "The obsolete HTML Base Font element (<basefont>) sets a default font face, size, and color for the other elements which are descended from its parent element.")element, for example -2 or +1.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
<dl><dd>The`<font>`tag is not supported in HTML5 since it is now obsolete.</dd></dl>
## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`color`]12417 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`face`]12418 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`size`]12419 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<font>`]12409 "The HTML Font Element (<font>) defines the font size, color and face for its content.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[david_ross]3412 ""),[SphinxKnight]191 ""),[ledakis]12420 ""),[baroncharlus]12421 ""),[rahuldecoded]12422 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:39:18 AM</time>


