---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormControlsCollection
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]12423 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]12424 "")版。</bdi>






The**`HTMLFormControlsCollection`**interface represents a<em>collection</em>of HTML<em>form control elements</em>.It represents the lists returned by the[`HTMLFormElement`]12425 "The HTMLFormElement interface represents a <form> element in the DOM; it can be used to access and in some cases modify aspects of the form, as well as access its component elements.")interface&#39;s[`elements`]12426 "The HTMLFormElement property elements returns an HTMLFormControlsCollection listing all the form controls contained in the <form> element.")property and the[`HTMLFieldSetElement`]12427 "The HTMLFieldSetElement interface has special properties and methods (beyond the regular HTMLElement interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of field-set elements.")interface&#39;s[`elements`]12428 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property.



This interface replaces one method from[`HTMLCollection`]8677 "The HTMLCollection interface represents a generic collection (array-like object similar to arguments) of elements (in document order) and offers methods and properties for selecting from the list."), on which it is based.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormControlsCollection$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1378885' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface inherits the properties of its parent,[`HTMLCollection`]8677 "The HTMLCollection interface represents a generic collection (array-like object similar to arguments) of elements (in document order) and offers methods and properties for selecting from the list.").</em>


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface inherits the methods of its parent,[`HTMLCollection`]8677 "The HTMLCollection interface represents a generic collection (array-like object similar to arguments) of elements (in document order) and offers methods and properties for selecting from the list.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLFormControlsCollection.namedItem()`]12429 "Note that this version of namedItem() hides the one inherited from HTMLCollection. Like that one, in JavaScript, using the array bracket syntax with a String, like collection["value"] is equivalent to collection.namedItem("value").")</dt><dd>Returns the[`RadioNodeList`]12430 "The RadioNodeList interface represents a collection of elements in a <form> or a <fieldset> element.")or the[`Element`]8678 "Element is the most general base class from which all objects in a Document inherit. It only has methods and properties common to all kinds of elements. More specific classes inherit from Element.")in the collection whose`name`or`id`match the specified name, or`null`if no nodes match. Note that this version of`namedItem()`hide the one inherited from[`HTMLCollection`]8677 "The HTMLCollection interface represents a generic collection (array-like object similar to arguments) of elements (in document order) and offers methods and properties for selecting from the list."). Like that one, in JavaScript, using the array bracket syntax with a[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters."), like`<em>collection</em>["value"]`is equivalent to`<em>collection</em>.namedItem("value")`.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLFormControlsCollection&#39; in that specification.</small>]12431 "") | Living Standard | No change since the last snapshot,[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification"). 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLFormControlsCollection&#39; in that specification.</small>]12432 "") | Recommendation | In this snapshot of[HTML Living Standard]11885 "The 'HTML Living Standard' specification"), the`HTMLFormControlsCollections`is defined for the first time. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>27<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>27<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`HTMLCollection`]8677 "The HTMLCollection interface represents a generic collection (array-like object similar to arguments) of elements (in document order) and offers methods and properties for selecting from the list."),[`RadioNodeList`]12430 "The RadioNodeList interface represents a collection of elements in a <form> or a <fieldset> element."),[`HTMLOptionsCollection`]12433 "HTMLOptionsCollection is an interface representing a collection of HTML option elements (in document order) and offers methods and properties for traversing the list as well as optionally altering its items. This type is returned solely by the "options" property of select.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Collection]12434 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Form Collection]12435 "")
* [Form List]12436 "")
* [Forms]12437 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [HTML forms]12438 "")
* [HTMLFormControlsCollection]12439 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsHTML5Update]12440 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[yanakey]12441 ""),[Rob W]12442 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[jswisher]11168 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>May 4, 2018, 4:20:04 AM</time>


