---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章](%12669 "")。






**`HTMLInputElement`**接口提供了特定的属性和方法（继承自常规的[`HTML元素`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口.")接口）用于管理输入元素的布局和外观。

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLInputElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1358047' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## 属性<a name="Properties"></a>

**与父表单相关的属性**


`form`只读 | <em>`[`HTMLFormElement`](%2754 "HTMLFormElement接口可以创建或者修改<form>对象;它继承了HTMLElement接口的方法和属性。")object:`</em>返回一个父表单元素的引用。 
`formAction` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[formaction](%12670 "")`attribute, containing the URI of a program that processes information submitted by the element. This overrides the`[action](%12222 "")`attribute of the parent form. 
`formEncType` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[formenctype](%12671 "")`attribute, containing the type of content that is used to submit the form to the server. This overrides the`[enctype](%12223 "")`attribute of the parent form. 
`formMethod` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[formmethod](%12672 "")`attribute, containing the HTTP method that the browser uses to submit the form. This overrides the`[method](%12224 "")`attribute of the parent form. 
`formNoValidate` | <em>`boolean`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[formnovalidate](%12673 "")`attribute, indicating that the form is not to be validated when it is submitted. This overrides the`[novalidate](%12225 "")`attribute of the parent form. 
`formTarget` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[formtarget](%12674 "")`attribute, containing a name or keyword indicating where to display the response that is received after submitting the form. This overrides the`[target](%12226 "")`attribute of the parent form. 


**可用于任何非隐藏输入元素的属性**

`name` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[name](%12675 "")`attribute, containing a name that identifies the element when submitting the form. 
`type` | `<em>string:</em>`**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[type](%12676 "")`attribute, indicating the type of control to display. See`[type](%12676 "")`attribute of[`<input>`](%394 "HTML <input> 元素用于为基于Web的表单创建交互式控件，以便接受来自用户的数据。")for possible values. 
`disabled` | <em>`boolean`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[disabled](%12677 "")`attribute, indicating that the control is not available for interaction. The input values will not be submitted with the form. See also`[readonly](%12678 "")` 
`autofocus` | `<em>boolean:</em>`**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[autofocus](%12679 "")`attribute, which specifies that a form control should have input focus when the page loads, unless the user overrides it, for example by typing in a different control. Only one form element in a document can have the`[autofocus](%12679 "")`attribute. It cannot be applied if the`[type](%12676 "")`attribute is set to`hidden`(that is, you cannot automatically set focus to a hidden control). 
`required` | <em>`boolean`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[required](%12680 "")`attribute, indicating that the user must fill in a value before submitting a form. 
`value` | `<em>string:</em>`**Returns / Sets**the current value of the control.

**Note:**If the user enters a value different from the value expected, this may return an empty string. 
`validity`只读 | `<em>[`ValidityState`](%3273 "DOM接口 ValidityState 代表了一个元素可以处于的与约束验证相关的有效性状态.")object:</em>`Returns the validity state that this element is in. 
`validationMessage`只读 | `<em>string:</em>`**Returns**a localized message that describes the validation constraints that the control does not satisfy (if any). This is the empty string if the control is not a candidate for constraint validation (`[willvalidate](%12681 "")`is false), or it satisfies its constraints. 
`willValidate`只读 | <em>`[`Boolean`](%4930 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!"):`</em>**Indicates**whether the element is a candidate for constraint validation. It is false if any conditions bar it from constraint validation. 


**仅适用于类型为"checkbox" 或 "radio"元素的属性**

`checked` | `<em>boolean:</em>`**Returns / Sets**the current state of the element when`[type](%12676 "")`is`checkbox`or`radio`. 
`defaultChecked` | <em>`boolean:`</em>**Returns / Sets**the default state of a radio button or checkbox as originally specified in HTML that created this object. 
`indeterminate` | `<em>boolean:</em>`**indicates**that the checkbox is neither on nor off. Changes the appearance to resemble a third state. Does not affect the value of the**checked**attribute, and clicking the checkbox will set the value to false. 


**仅适用于类型为"image"元素的属性**

`alt` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[alt](%12682 "")`attribute, containing alternative text to use when`[type](%12676 "")`is`image.` 
`height` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[height](%12683 "")`attribute, which defines the height of the image displayed for the button, if the value of`[type](%12676 "")`is`image`. 
`src` | `<em>string:</em>`**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[src](%12684 "")`attribute, which specifies a URI for the location of an image to display on the graphical submit button, if the value of`[type](%12676 "")`is`image`; otherwise it is ignored. 
`width` | `<em>string:</em>`**Returns / Sets**the document&#39;s`[width](%12685 "")`attribute, which defines the width of the image displayed for the button, if the value of`[type](%12676 "")`is`image`. 


**仅适用于类型为"file"元素的属性**

`accept` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[accept](%12686 "")`attribute, containing comma-separated list of file types accepted by the server when`[type](%12676 "")`is`file`. 
`allowdirs`<i></i> | boolean: Part of the non-standard Directory Upload API;**indicates**whether or not to allow directories and files both to be selected in the file list. Implemented only in Firefox and is hidden behind a preference. 
 | **Returns/accepts**a[`FileList`](%2705 "一个FileList对象通常来自于一个HTML input元素的files属性,你可以通过这个对象访问到用户所选择的文件.该类型的对象还有可能来自用户的拖放操作,查看DataTransfer对象了解详情.")object, which contains a list of[`File`](%2701 "文件(File) 接口提供有关文件的信息，并允许网页中的 JavaScript 访问其内容。")objects representing the files selected for upload. 
[`webkitdirectory`](%12687 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")<i></i> | boolean:**Returns**the`[webkitdirectory](%12688 "")`attribute; if true, the file system picker interface only accepts directories instead of files. 
[`webkitEntries`](%12689 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")<i></i> | Array of[`FileSystemEntry`](%2712 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")objects**describing**the currently-selected files or directories. 


**仅适用于文本或数字输入元素的属性**

`数字ocomplete` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[autocomplete](%12690 "")`attribute, indicating whether the value of the control can be automatically completed by the browser. Ignored if the value of the`[type](%12676 "")`attribute is`hidden`,`checkbox`,`radio`,`file`, or a button type (`button`,`submit`,`reset`,`image`). Possible values are:<br></br>&quot;on&quot;: the browser can autocomplete the value using previously stored value<br></br>&quot;off&quot;: the user must explicity enter a value 
`maxLength` | <em>`long`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[maxlength](%12691 "")`attribute, containing the<u>**maximum**l**ength of characters**</u>(in Unicode code points) that the value can have. (If you set this to a negative number, an exception will be thrown.) 
`size` | <em>`unsigned long`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[size](%12692 "")`attribute, containing<u>**size of the control**</u>. This value is in pixels unless the value of`[type](%12676 "")`is`text`or`password`, in which case, it is an integer number of characters. Applies only when`[type](%12676 "")`is set to`text`,`search`,`tel`,`url`,`email`, or`password`; otherwise it is ignored. 
`pattern` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[pattern](%12693 "")`attribute, containing a<u>**regular expression**</u>that the control&#39;s value is checked against. Use the`[title](%12694 "")`attribute to describe the pattern to help the user. This attribute applies when the value of the`[type](%12676 "")`attribute is`text`,`search`,`tel`,`url`or`email`; otherwise it is ignored. 
`placeholder` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[placeholder](%12695 "")`attribute, containing a hint to the user of what can be entered in the control. The placeholder text must not contain carriage returns or line-feeds. This attribute applies when the value of the`[type](%12676 "")`attribute is`text`,`search`,`tel`,`url`or`email`; otherwise it is ignored. 
`readOnly` | <em>`boolean`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[readonly](%12678 "")`attribute, indicating that the user cannot modify the value of the control.<br></br>[HTML5](%4 "")This is ignored if the value of the`[type](%12676 "")`attribute is`hidden`,`range`,`color`,`checkbox`,`radio`,`file`, or a button type. 
`min` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[min](%12696 "")`attribute, containing the minimum (numeric or date-time) value for this item, which must not be greater than its maximum (`[max](%12697 "")`attribute) value. 
`max` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[max](%12697 "")`attribute, containing the maximum (numeric or date-time) value for this item, which must not be less than its minimum (**min**attribute) value. 
`selectionStart` | <em>`unsigned long`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the beginning index of the selected text. When nothing is selected, this returns the position of the text input cursor (caret) inside of the[`<input>`](%394 "HTML <input> 元素用于为基于Web的表单创建交互式控件，以便接受来自用户的数据。")element. 
`selectionEnd` | <em>`unsigned long`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the end index of the selected text. When there&#39;s no selection, this returns the offset of the character immediately following the current text input cursor position. 
`selectionDirection` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the direction in which selection occurred. Possible values are:<br></br>`"forward"`if selection was performed in the start-to-end direction of the current locale,<br></br>`"backward"`for the opposite direction,<br></br>`"none"`if the direction is unknown.&quot; 


**未分类的属性**

`defaultValue` | <em>`string:`</em>**Returns / Sets**the default value as originally specified in the HTML that created this object. 
`dirName` | <em>`string:`</em>**Returns / Sets**the directionality of the element. 
`accessKey` | <em>`string`:</em>**Returns**a string containing a single character that switches input focus to the control when pressed. 
`list`只读 | <em>`[`HTMLElement`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口.")object:`</em>**Returns**the element pointed by the`[list](%12698 "")`attribute. The property may be`null`if no HTML element found in the same tree. 
`multiple` | <em>`boolean`:</em>**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[multiple](%12699 "")`attribute, indicating whether more than one value is possible (e.g., multiple files). 
`files` | <em>`[`FileList`](%2705 "一个FileList对象通常来自于一个HTML input元素的files属性,你可以通过这个对象访问到用户所选择的文件.该类型的对象还有可能来自用户的拖放操作,查看DataTransfer对象了解详情.")array:`</em>**Returns**the list of selected files. 
[`HTMLInputElement.labels`](%12700 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读 | `<em>[`NodeList`](%2957 "NodeList 对象是一个节点的集合，是由 Node.childNodes 和 document.querySelectorAll 返回的.")array:</em>`**Returns**a list of[`<label>`](%12227 "HTML 元素表示用户界面中项目的标题。")elements that are labels for this element. 
`step` | `<em>string:</em>`**Returns / Sets**the element&#39;s`[step](%12701 "")`attribute, which works with****`[min](%12696 "")`and`[max](%12697 "")`to limit the increments at which a numeric or date-time value can be set. It can be the string`any`or a positive floating point number. If this is not set to`any`, the control accepts only values at multiples of the step value greater than the minimum. 
`valueAsDate` | `<em>[`Date`](%12702 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")object:</em>`Returns / Sets the value of the element, interpreted as a date, or`null`if conversion is not possible. 
`valueAsNumber` | `double`:**Returns**the value of the element, interpreted as one of the following, in order:
* a time value
* a number
* NaN if conversion is impossible 
`autocapitalize`<i></i> | `<em>string:</em>`**defines**the capitalization behavior for user input. Valid values are`none`,`off`,`characters`,`words`, or`sentences`. 

<dl><dt>[`HTMLInputElement.align`](%12703 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")<i></i></dt><dd>`<em>string:</em>`**represents**the alignment of the element.<em>Use CSS instead.</em></dd><dt>[`HTMLInputElement.useMap`](%12704 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")<i></i></dt><dd>`<em>string:</em>`**represents**a client-side image map.</dd></dl>
## 方法<a name="方法"></a>
`focus()` | Focus on the input element; keystrokes will subsequently go to this element. 
`blur()` | Removes focus from input; keystrokes will subsequently go nowhere. 
`[select()](%12705 "")` | Selects the input text in the element, and focuses it so the user can subsequently replace the whole entry. 
`[click()](%12706 "")` | Simulates a click on the element. 
`[setSelectionRange()](%12707 "")` | Selects a range of text in the element (but does not focus it). The optional selectionDirection parameter may be &quot;forward&quot; or &quot;backward&quot; to establish the direction in which selection was set, or &quot;none&quot; if the direction is unknown or not relevant. The default is &quot;none&quot;. Specifying a selectionDirection parameter sets the value of the selectionDirection property. 
`setRangeText()` | <dl><dd>

Replaces a range of text with the new text. If the<var>start</var>and<var>end</var>arguments are not provided, the range is assumed to be the selection.The final argument determines how the selection should be set after the text has been replaced. The possible values are:

<dl><dt>&quot;`select`&quot;</dt><dd>Selects the newly inserted text.</dd><dt>&quot;`start`&quot;</dt><dd>Moves the selection to just before the inserted text.</dd><dt>&quot;`end`&quot;</dt><dd>Moves the selection to just after the selected text.</dd><dt>&quot;`preserve`&quot;</dt><dd>Attempts to preserve the selection. This is the default.</dd></dl></dd></dl> 
`setCustomValidity()` | Sets a custom validity message for the element. If this message is not the empty string, then the element is suffering from a custom validity error, and does not validate. 
`checkValidity()` | Returns a[`Boolean`](%4930 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")that is`false`if the element is a candidate for constraint validation, and it does not satisfy its constraints. In this case, it also fires an`[invalid](%11792 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/invalid")`event at the element. It returns`true`if the element is not a candidate for constraint validation, or if it satisfies its constraints. 

<dl><dt>[`HTMLInputElement.stepDown()`](%12708 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Decrements the`[value](%12709 "")`by (`[step](%12701 "")`* n), where n defaults to 1 if not specified. Throws an INVALID_STATE_ERR exception:
* if the method is not applicable to for the current`[type](%12676 "")`value,
* if the element has no`[step](%12701 "")`value,
* if the`[value](%12709 "")`cannot be converted to a number,
* if the resulting value is above the`[max](%12697 "")`or below the`[min](%12696 "")`.
</dd><dt>[`HTMLInputElement.stepUp()`](%12710 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Increments the`[value](%12709 "")`by (`[step](%12701 "")`* n), where n defaults to 1 if not specified. Throws an INVALID_STATE_ERR exception:
* if the method is not applicable to for the current`[type](%12676 "")`value.,
* if the element has no`[step](%12701 "")`value,
* if the`[value](%12709 "")`cannot be converted to a number,
* if the resulting value is above the`[max](%12697 "")`or below the`[min](%12696 "")`.
</dd><dt>[`HTMLInputElement.mozSetFileArray()`](%12711 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")<i></i></dt><dd>Sets the files selected on the input to the given array of[`File`](%2701 "文件(File) 接口提供有关文件的信息，并允许网页中的 JavaScript 访问其内容。")objects. This is an alternative to`mozSetFileNameArray()`which can be used in frame scripts: a chrome script can[open files as File objects](%10875 "")and send them via[message manager](%12712 "").</dd><dt>[`HTMLInputElement.mozGetFileNameArray()`](%12713 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")<i></i></dt><dd>Returns an array of all the file names from the input.</dd><dt>[`HTMLInputElement.mozSetFileNameArray()`](%12714 "设置一个HTML input元素中选中的若干文件的路径以及文件名.")<i></i></dt><dd>Sets the filenames for the files selected on the input. Not for use in[frame scripts](%12715 ""), because it accesses the file system.</dd><dd>
</dd></dl>
## 规范<a name="规范"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>HTMLInputElement</small>](%12716 "") | Living Standard | No change from[HTML5](%12136 "HTML5") 
[HTML5<br></br><small>HTMLInputElement</small>](%12717 "") | Recommendation | Technically, the tabindex and accesskey properties, as well as the blur(), click(), and focus() methods, are now defined on[`HTMLElement`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口.").<br></br>The following properties are now obsolete: align and useMap.<br></br>The following properties have been added: autocomplete, autofocus, dirName, files, formAction, formEncType, formMethod, formNoValidate, formTarget, height, indeterminate, labels, list, max, min, multiple, pattern, placeholder, required, selectionDirection, selectionEnd, selectionStart, step, validationMessage, validity, valueAsDate, valueAsNumber, width, and willValidate.<br></br>The following methods have been added: checkValidity(), setCustomValidity(), setSelectionRange(), stepUp(), and stepDown(). 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>HTMLInputElement</small>](%12718 "") | Obsolete | The size property is now an unsigned long. The type property must be entirely given in lowercase characters. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>HTMLInputElement</small>](%12719 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## 浏览器兼容性<a name="浏览器兼容性"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | (Yes) | (Yes) | 1.0 (1.7 or earlier) | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) 
autocomplete &amp; autofocus properties | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) 
files property | (Yes) | (Yes) | [3.0](%10303 "Released on 2008-06-17.")(1.9)<sup>[2]</sup> | 10 | ? | ? 
multiple property | (Yes) | (Yes) | [3.6](%4744 "Released on 2010-01-21.")(1.9.2) | ? | ? | ? 
indeterminate property | ? | (Yes) | (Yes) | ? | ? | ? 
list property | ? | (Yes) | (Yes) | ? | ? | ? 
formAction, formEncType, formMethod, formTarget properties | (Yes) | (Yes) | [4.0](%3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2)<sup>[3]</sup> | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) 
formNoValidate, validationMessage, validity, willValidate properties and setCustomValidity() and checkValidity() methods. | (Yes) | (Yes) | [4.0](%3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2) | 10 | (Yes) | (Yes) 
pattern, placeholder, required properties | (Yes) | (Yes) | [4.0](%3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2) | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) 
height and weight properties | (Yes) | (Yes) | [16](%4098 "Released on 2012-10-09.")(16) | ? | ? | ? 
`labels`property | 14.0 | 未实现 | [56](%12720 "Released on 2017-10-03.")(56)<sup>[1]</sup> | ? | ? | ? 
min, max, and step for &lt;input type=&quot;number&quot;&gt; | (Yes) | (Yes) | Experimental, and without specific UI, since[16](%4098 "Released on 2012-10-09.")(16): behind the pref dom.experimental_forms | ? | ? | (Yes) 
stepUp and stepDown methods | ? | (Yes) | Experimental since[16](%4098 "Released on 2012-10-09.")(16): behind the pref dom.experimental_forms<br></br><br></br>There are still differences with the latest spec:[bug 835773](%12721 "Align stepUp() and stepDown() implementation to HTML spec") | ? | ? | ? 
min, max, and step properties for &lt;input type=&quot;range&quot;&gt; | (Yes) | (Yes) | [23](%3570 "Released on 2013-08-06.")(23) | ? | ? | (Yes) 
min, max, and step properties for &lt;input type=&quot;date&quot;&gt; | (Yes) | (Yes) | Experimental, and without specific UI, since[20](%12722 "Released on 2013-04-02.")(20): behind the pref dom.experimental_forms | ? | ? | (Yes) 
min, max, and step properties for other date-related type values | (Yes) | (Yes) | 未实现 | ? | ? | (Yes) 
mozGetFileNameArray() and mozSetFileNameArray() methods<i></i> | 未实现 | 未实现 | [3.6](%4744 "Released on 2010-01-21.")(1.9.2) | 未实现 | 未实现 | 未实现 
mozSetFileArray() method<i></i> | 未实现 | 未实现 | [38](%12723 "Released on 2015-05-19.")(38) | 未实现 | 未实现 | 未实现 
autocapitalize | 43.0 | 未实现 | ? | ? | ? | ? 





[1] Implemented in[bug 556743](%12231 "FIXED: Implement the labels attribute").



[2] The`files`property was made settable in Firefox 57 ([bug 1384030](%12724 "FIXED: Enable setting <input type=file>.files")).



[3] In Firefox 56, the implementation has been updated so that the`formAction`property returns the correct form submission URL, as per spec, when the associated`<input>`is being used to submit a form ([bug 1366361](%12725 "FIXED: Make form.action return the actual form submission URL")).


## 参见<a name="参见"></a>

* HTML element implementing this interface:[`<input>`](%394 "HTML <input> 元素用于为基于Web的表单创建交互式控件，以便接受来自用户的数据。").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [HTML DOM](%6889 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [NeedsNewLayout](%12268 "")
* [NeedsTranslation](%4036 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Référence(2)](%3892 "")
* [TopicStub](%4037 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[zxsunrise](%3598 ""),[fscholz](%60 "")
**最后编辑者:**[zxsunrise](%3598 ""),<time>Feb 11, 2018, 6:56:09 PM</time>


