---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLLegendElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]12777 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]12778 "")版。</bdi>






The**`HTMLLegendElement`**is an interface allowing to access properties of the[`<legend>`]12779 "The HTML <legend> element represents a caption for the content of its parent <fieldset>.")elements. It inherits properties and methods from the[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")interface.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLLegendElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1374117' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

Name | Description | Type 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`form`Read only | The form that this legend belongs to. If the legend has a fieldset element as its parent, then this attribute returns the same value as the**form**attribute on the parent fieldset element. Otherwise, it returns null. | [`HTMLFormElement`]12425 "The HTMLFormElement interface represents a <form> element in the DOM; it can be used to access and in some cases modify aspects of the form, as well as access its component elements.") 
`accessKey` | A single-character access key to give access to the element. | [`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.") 
`align`<i></i> | Alignment relative to the form set | [`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.") 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLLegendElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12780 "") | Living Standard | No change from[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification"). 
[HTML 5.1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLLegendElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12781 "") | Recommendation |  
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLLegendElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12782 "") | Recommendation | The property`accessKey`is now defined on[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").<br></br>The following property is now obsolete:`align`. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLLegendElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12783 "") | Obsolete | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification]4414 "The 'Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification' specification"). 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLLegendElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12784 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<legend>`]12779 "The HTML <legend> element represents a caption for the content of its parent <fieldset>.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsNewLayout]12268 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[Nexii]12753 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[jswisher]11168 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:36:29 AM</time>


