---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLMetaElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]12862 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]12863 "")版。</bdi>






The**`HTMLMetaElement`**interface contains descriptive metadata about a document. It inherits all of the properties and methods described in the[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")interface.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLMetaElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1367372' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

Name | Type | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`content` | [`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.") | Gets or sets the value of meta-data property. 
`httpEquiv` | [`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.") | Gets or sets the name of an HTTP response header to define for a document. 
`name` | [`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.") | Gets or sets the name of a meta-data property to define for a document. 
`scheme`<i></i> | [`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.") | Gets or sets the name of a scheme used to interpret the value of a meta-data property. 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLMetaElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12864 "") | Living Standard | No change from[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification"). 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLMetaElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12865 "") | Recommendation | The following property is now obsolete:`scheme`. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLMetaElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12866 "") | Obsolete | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification]4414 "The 'Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification' specification"). 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLMetaElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]12867 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<meta>`]12868 "The HTML <meta> element represents metadata that cannot be represented by other HTML meta-related elements, like <base>, <link>, <script>, <style> or <title>.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[slimsag]12151 ""),[jwhitlock]6330 ""),[Delapouite]12869 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[ethertank]65 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jürgen Jeka]12870 ""),[ThomasACorey]12871 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Mar 15, 2018, 3:12:03 PM</time>


