---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLParamElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13097 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13098 "")版。</bdi>







The**`HTMLParamElement`**interface provides special properties (beyond those of the regular[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")object interface it inherits) for manipulating[`<param>`]13099 "The HTML <param> element defines parameters for an <object> element.")elements, representing a pair of a key and a value that acts as a parameter for an[`<object>`]12937 "The HTML <object> element represents an external resource, which can be treated as an image, a nested browsing context, or a resource to be handled by a plugin.")element.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLParamElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1367384' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLParamElement.name`]13100 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the name of the parameter. It reflects the`[name]13101 "")`attribute.</dd><dt>[`HTMLParamElement.value`]13102 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the value associated to the parameter. It reflects the`[value]13103 "")`attribute.</dd><dt>[`HTMLParamElement.type`]13104 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the type of the parameter when`valueType`has the`"ref"`value. It reflects the`[type]13105 "")`attribute.</dd><dt>[`HTMLParamElement.valueType`]13106 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the type of the`value`. It reflects the`[`valuetype`]13107 "")`attribute and has one of the values:`"data"`,`"ref"`, or`"object"`.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific methods, inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLParamElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13108 "") | Living Standard | No change from[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification"). 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLParamElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13109 "") | Recommendation | The following properties are now obsolete:`type`, and`valueType`. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLParamElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13110 "") | Obsolete | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification]4414 "The 'Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification' specification"). 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLParamElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13111 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`name`]13112 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`value`]13113 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`type`]13114 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`valueType`]13115 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<param>`]13099 "The HTML <param> element defines parameters for an <object> element.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Mar 15, 2018, 3:38:24 PM</time>


