---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLSelectElement
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章](%13171 "")。






The`**HTMLSelectElement**`interface represents a[`<select>`](%13029 "HTML select (<select>) 元素是一种表单控件，可创建选项菜单。菜单内的选项为<option> , 可以由 <optgroup> 元素分组。选项可以被用户预先选择。")HTML Element. These elements also share all of the properties and methods of other HTML elements via the[`HTMLElement`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口.")interface.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface inherits the properties of[`HTMLElement`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口."), and of[`Element`](%2687 "Element（元素）接口是 Document的一个对象. 这个接口描述了所有相同种类的元素所普遍具有的方法和属性。 这些继承自Element并且增加了一些额外功能的接口描述了具体的行为. 例如,  HTMLElement 接口是所有HTML元素的基础接口， 而 SVGElement 接口是所有SVG元素的基本接口.")and[`Node`](%2954 "Node是一个接口，许多DOM类型从这个接口继承，并允许类似地处理（或测试）这些各种类型。").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.autofocus`](%13172 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`](%4930 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")that reflects the`[autofocus](%13173 "")`HTML attribute, which indicates whether the control should have input focus when the page loads, unless the user overrides it, for example by typing in a different control. Only one form-associated element in a document can have this attribute specified.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.disabled`](%13174 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`](%4930 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")that reflects the`[disabled](%13175 "")`HTML attribute, which indicates whether the control is disabled. If it is disabled, it does not accept clicks.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.form`](%13176 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a[`HTMLFormElement`](%2754 "HTMLFormElement接口可以创建或者修改<form>对象;它继承了HTMLElement接口的方法和属性。")representing the form that this element is associated with. If this element is a descendant of a form element, then this attribute is the ID of that form element. If the element is not a descendant of a form element, then the attribute can be the ID of any form element in the same document.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.labels`](%13177 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a[`NodeList`](%2957 "NodeList 对象是一个节点的集合，是由 Node.childNodes 和 document.querySelectorAll 返回的.")containing the list of label elements associated with this select element.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.length`](%13178 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is an`unsigned long`representing the number of[`<option>`](%13025 "在web表单中,  HTML元素 <option>  用于定义在<select>,  <optgroup> 或<datalist> 元素中包含的项。<option> 可以在弹出窗口和 html 文档中的其他项目列表中表示菜单项。")elements in this`select`element.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.multiple`](%13179 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`](%4930 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")that reflects the`[multiple](%13180 "")`HTML attribute, which indicates whether multiple items can be selected.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.name`](%13181 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`](%2651 "DOMString 是一个UTF-16字符串。由于JavaScript已经使用了这样的字符串，所以DOMString 直接映射到 一个String。")that reflects the`[name](%13182 "")`HTML attribute, containing the name of this control used by servers and DOM search functions.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.options`](%13183 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>只读属性。返回当前select元素包括的option元素对象的集合。</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.required`](%13184 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`](%4930 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")that reflects the`[required](%13185 "")`HTML attribute, which indicates whether the user is required to select a value before submitting the form.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.selectedIndex`](%13186 "The HTMLSelectElement.selectedIndex is a long that reflects the index of the first selected <option> element. The value -1 indicates that no element is selected.")</dt><dd>此属性返回一个长整型数值，代表第一个被选中的option元素。-1代表没有元素被选中。</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.size`](%13187 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is a`long`that reflects the`[size](%13188 "")`HTML attribute, which contains the number of visible items in the control. The default is 1, unless`multiple`is true, in which case it is 4.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.type`](%13189 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`](%2651 "DOMString 是一个UTF-16字符串。由于JavaScript已经使用了这样的字符串，所以DOMString 直接映射到 一个String。")the form control&#39;s type. When`multiple`is`true`, it returns`"select-multiple"`; otherwise, it returns`"select-one"`.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.validationMessage`](%13190 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`](%2651 "DOMString 是一个UTF-16字符串。由于JavaScript已经使用了这样的字符串，所以DOMString 直接映射到 一个String。")containing a localized message that describes the validation constraints that the control does not satisfy (if any). This attribute is the empty string if the control is not a candidate for constraint validation (`willValidate`is false), or it satisfies its constraints.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.validity`](%13191 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a[`ValidityState`](%3273 "DOM接口 ValidityState 代表了一个元素可以处于的与约束验证相关的有效性状态.")representing the validity state that this control is in.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.value`](%13192 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`](%2651 "DOMString 是一个UTF-16字符串。由于JavaScript已经使用了这样的字符串，所以DOMString 直接映射到 一个String。")with the value of this form control, that is, of the first selected option.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.willValidate`](%13193 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`](%4930 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")that indicates whether the button is a candidate for constraint validation. It is false if any conditions bar it from constraint validation.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface inherits the methods of[`HTMLElement`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口."), and of[`Element`](%2687 "Element（元素）接口是 Document的一个对象. 这个接口描述了所有相同种类的元素所普遍具有的方法和属性。 这些继承自Element并且增加了一些额外功能的接口描述了具体的行为. 例如,  HTMLElement 接口是所有HTML元素的基础接口， 而 SVGElement 接口是所有SVG元素的基本接口.")and[`Node`](%2954 "Node是一个接口，许多DOM类型从这个接口继承，并允许类似地处理（或测试）这些各种类型。").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.add()`](%13194 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Adds an element to the collection of`option`elements for this`select`element.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.blur()`](%12069 "blur方法用来移除当前元素所获得的键盘焦点.")<i></i></dt><dd>Removes input focus from this element.<em>This method is now implemented on[`HTMLElement`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口.")</em>.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.checkValidity()`](%13195 "HTMLSelectElement.checkValidity() 会检查元素是否有任何输入约束条件，并且检查值是否符合约束条件. 如果值是不符合约束条件的, 浏览器就会在该元素上触发一个可以撤销的 invalid 事件,  然后返回 false.")</dt><dd>Checks whether the element has any constraints and whether it satisfies them. If the element fails its constraints, the browser fires a cancelable`[invalid](%11792 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/invalid")`event at the element (and returns`false`).</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.focus()`](%12071 "HTMLElement.focus()方法可以设置指定元素获取焦点。")<i></i></dt><dd>Gives input focus to this element.<em>This method is now implemented on[`HTMLElement`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口.")</em>.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.item()`](%13196 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Gets an item from the options collection for this[`<select>`](%13029 "HTML select (<select>) 元素是一种表单控件，可创建选项菜单。菜单内的选项为<option> , 可以由 <optgroup> 元素分组。选项可以被用户预先选择。")element. You can also access an item by specifying the index in array-style brackets or parentheses, without calling this method explicitly.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.namedItem()`](%13197 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Gets the item in the options collection with the specified name. The name string can match either the`id`or the`name`attribute of an option node. You can also access an item by specifying the name in array-style brackets or parentheses, without calling this method explicitly.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.remove()`](%13198 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Removes the element at the specified index from the options collection for this select element.</dd><dt>[`HTMLSelectElement.setCustomValidity()`](%13199 "HTMLSelectElement.setCustomValidity() 方法设置指定的验证消息为选择元素的自定义验证消息。")</dt><dd>Sets the custom validity message for the selection element to the specified message. Use the empty string to indicate that the element does<em>not</em>have a custom validity error.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### Get information about the selected option<a name="Get_information_about_the_selected_option"></a>

```
/* assuming we have the following HTML
<select id='s'>
    <option>First</option>
    <option selected>Second</option>
    <option>Third</option>
</select>
*/

var select = document.getElementById('s');

// return the index of the selected option
alert(select.selectedIndex); // 1

// return the value of the selected option
alert(select.options[select.selectedIndex].value) // Second
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>HTMLSelectElement</small>](%13200 "") | Living Standard | Since the latest snapshot,[HTML5](%12136 "HTML5"), it adds the`autocomplete`property and the`reportValidity()`method. 
[HTML5<br></br><small>HTMLSelectElement</small>](%13201 "") | Recommendation | Is a snapshot of[HTML Living Standard](%11885 "HTML Living Standard").<br></br>It adds the`autofocus`,`form`,`required`,`labels`,`selectedOptions`,`willValidate`,`validity`and`validationMessage`properties.<br></br>The`tabindex`property and the`blur()`and`focus()`methods have been moved to[`HTMLElement`](%2749 "HTMLElement 接口表示所有的 HTML 元素。一些HTML元素直接实现了HTMLElement接口，其它的间接实现HTMLElement接口.").<br></br>The methods`item()`,`namedItem()`,`checkValidity()`and`setCustomValidity()`. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>HTMLSelectElement</small>](%13202 "") | Obsolete | `options`now returns an[`HTMLOptionsCollection`](%2778 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!").<br></br>`length`now returns an`unsigned long`. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>HTMLSelectElement</small>](%13203 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 1.0 | 1.0 (1.7 or earlier) | 1.0 | 1.0 | 1.0 
`item()`and`namedItem()` | (Yes) | [4.0](%3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2.0) | ? | (Yes) | (Yes) 
`setCustomValidity()`,`checkValidity()`,`willValidate`,`validationMessage`,`validity` | (Yes) | [4.0](%3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2.0) | ? | (Yes) | ? 
`selectedOptions` | (Yes) | [26](%12083 "Released on 2013-12-10.")(26) | ? | (Yes) | (Yes) 
`labels` | (Yes) | 未实现 (查看[bug 556743](%12231 "FIXED: Implement the labels attribute")) | ? | (Yes) | (Yes) 





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`<select>`](%13029 "HTML select (<select>) 元素是一种表单控件，可创建选项菜单。菜单内的选项为<option> , 可以由 <optgroup> 元素分组。选项可以被用户预先选择。")HTML element, implementing this interface.
<dl><dt></dt></dl>


## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[yangtoude](%13204 ""),[FredWe](%6673 "")
**最后编辑者:**[yangtoude](%13204 ""),<time>Aug 12, 2017, 1:17:32 AM</time>


