---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLShadowElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13205 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13206 "")版。</bdi>






**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%2788#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





The`**HTMLShadowElement**`interface represents a[`<shadow>`]13208 "The HTML <shadow> element—an obsolete part of the Web Components technology suite—was intended to be used as a shadow DOM insertion point.")HTML Element, which is used in[Shadow DOM]10213 "").

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLShadowElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1365458' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface inherits the properties of[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface inherits the methods of[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLShadowElement.getDistributedNodes()`]13209 "The HTMLShadowElement.getDistributedNodes() method returns a static NodeList of the distributed nodes associated with this <shadow> element.")</dt><dd>Returns a static[`NodeList`]12252 "NodeList objects are collections of nodes such as those returned by properties such as Node.childNodes and the document.querySelectorAll() method.")of the[distributed nodes]12253 "The definition of that term (distributed nodes) has not been written yet; please consider contributing it!")associated with this`<shadow>`element.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This feature is no longer defined by any specifications.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>28 — 58<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>28 — 58<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`getDistributedNodes`]13210 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`<shadow>`]13208 "The HTML <shadow> element—an obsolete part of the Web Components technology suite—was intended to be used as a shadow DOM insertion point.")HTML element, implementing this interface.
* [Shadow DOM]10213 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[DomenicDenicola]6690 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[sideshowbarker]12256 ""),[markg]12258 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Mar 8, 2018, 11:22:27 AM</time>


