---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLStyleElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13251 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13252 "")版。</bdi>







The**`HTMLStyleElement`**interface represents a[`<style>`]13253 "The HTML <style> element contains style information for a document, or part of a document.")element. It inherits properties and methods from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it."), and from[`LinkStyle`]13254 "The LinkStyle interface allows to access the associated CSS style sheet of a node.").



This interface doesn&#39;t allow to manipulate the CSS it contains (in most case). To manipulate CSS, see[Using dynamic styling information]13255 "")for an overview of the objects used to manipulate specified CSS properties using the DOM.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLStyleElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1367379' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")</em><em>, and implements[`LinkStyle`]13254 "The LinkStyle interface allows to access the associated CSS style sheet of a node.")</em><em>.</em>

<dl><dt>[`HTMLStyleElement.media`]13256 "The HTMLStyleElement.media property specifies the intended destination medium for style information.")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the intended destination medium for style information.</dd><dt>[`HTMLStyleElement.type`]13257 "The HTMLStyleElement.type read-only property returns the type of the current style.")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the type of style being applied by this statement.</dd><dt>[`HTMLStyleElement.disabled`]13258 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")value representing whether or not the stylesheet is disabled (true) or not (false).</dd><dt>[`LinkStyle.sheet`]13259 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the[`StyleSheet`]13260 "An object implementing the StyleSheet interface represents a single style sheet. CSS style sheets will further implement the more specialized CSSStyleSheet interface.")object associated with the given element, or`null`if there is none</dd><dt>[`HTMLStyleElement.scoped`]13261 "The HTMLStyleElement.scoped property is a Boolean value indicating if the element applies to the whole document (false) or only to the parent's sub-tree (true).")<i></i><i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")value indicating if the element applies to the whole document (`false`) or only to the parent&#39;s sub-tree (`true`).</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits properties from its parent,[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")</em><em>, and[`LinkStyle`]13254 "The LinkStyle interface allows to access the associated CSS style sheet of a node.")</em><em>.</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLStyleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13262 "") | Living Standard | No change from[HTML5]12136 "The 'HTML5' specification"). 
[HTML 5.1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLStyleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13263 "") | Recommendation |  
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLStyleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13264 "") | Recommendation | The following property has been added:`scoped`. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 HTML Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLStyleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13265 "") | Obsolete | Added a second inheritence, the[`LinkStyle`]13254 "The LinkStyle interface allows to access the associated CSS style sheet of a node.")interface. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLStyleElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13266 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`media`]13267 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`type`]13268 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`disabled`]13269 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>13 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`sheet`]13270 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`scoped`]13271 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>19 — 35<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<style>`]13253 "The HTML <style> element contains style information for a document, or part of a document.").
* [Using dynamic styling information]13272 "DOM/Using_dynamic_styling_information")to see how to manipulate CSS.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [HTMLStyleElement]13273 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[arronei]3893 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[slimsag]12151 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Nexii]12753 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[ethertank]65 ""),[dextra]13274 ""),[Ms2ger]7182 ""),[Brettz9]5522 ""),[Jay I.]13275 ""),[Mgjbot]296 ""),[Jabez]13276 ""),[Takenbot]13277 ""),[Chad.burrus]13278 ""),[PointedEars]13279 ""),[RobG]13250 ""),[DBaron]13280 ""),[Nickolay]6761 ""),[Dinosaurdarrell]13281 ""),[Dria]13282 ""),[Hao2lian]13283 ""),[JesseW]13284 ""),[Callek]13285 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Mar 15, 2018, 3:18:53 PM</time>


