---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLTableHeaderCellElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]13424 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]13353 "")版。</bdi>






**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%2798#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.






The**`HTMLTableHeaderCellElement`**interface provides special properties and methods (beyond the regular[`HTMLTableCellElement`]13296 "The HTMLTableCellElement interface provides special properties and methods (beyond the regular HTMLElement interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of table cells, either header or data cells, in an HTML document.")and[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")interfaces it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of table header cells in an HTML document.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLTableHeaderCellElement$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1390008' width='600' height='120'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,</em><em>[`HTMLTableCellElement`]13296 "The HTMLTableCellElement interface provides special properties and methods (beyond the regular HTMLElement interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of table cells, either header or data cells, in an HTML document."), and[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")</em>.

<dl><dt>[`HTMLTableHeaderCellElement.abbr`]13426 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing a name used to refer to this cell in other context. It reflects the`[abbr]13427 "")`attribute.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTableHeaderCellElement.scope`]13428 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing an enumerated value indicating which cells the header cell applies to. It reflects the`[scope]13429 "")`attribute and has one of the following values:`"row"`,`"col"`,`"colgroup"`, or`"rowgroup"`. If the attribute is in the<em>auto</em>state, or if an invalid value is set for the attribute,`scope`will be returns the empty string,`""`.</dd><dt>[`HTMLTableHeaderCellElement.sorted`]13430 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")<i></i></dt><dd>Is a[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")value indicating if the table is sorted by the scope associated with this header cell. It reflects the`[sorted]13431 "")`attribute.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,[`HTMLTableCellElement`]13296 "The HTMLTableCellElement interface provides special properties and methods (beyond the regular HTMLElement interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of table cells, either header or data cells, in an HTML document."), and[`HTMLElement`]12142 "The HTMLElement interface represents any HTML element. Some elements directly implement this interface, others implement it via an interface that inherits it.")</em>.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTableElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13378 "") | Living Standard | Adds the`sorted`property. 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;HTMLTableElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]13379 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`abbr`]13432 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`scope`]13433 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`sorted`]13434 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The HTML element implementing this interface:[`<th>`]13306 "The HTML <th> element defines a cell as header of a group of table cells. The exact nature of this group is defined by the scope and headers attributes.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Jun 21, 2018, 4:33:52 PM</time>


