---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerRegistration
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章](%18544 "")。






**这是一个实验中的功能**<br></br>此功能某些浏览器尚在开发中，请参考[浏览器兼容性表格](%18545 "")以得到在不同浏览器中适合使用的前缀。由于该功能对应的标准文档可能被重新修订，所以在未来版本的浏览器中该功能的语法和行为可能随之改变。






The`ServiceWorkerRegistration`interface of the[ServiceWorker API](%4317 "")represents the service worker registration. You register a service worker to control one or more pages that share the same origin.



The lifetime of a service worker registration is beyond that of the`ServiceWorkerRegistration`objects that represent them within the lifetime of their corresponding service worker clients. The browser maintains a persistent list of active`ServiceWorkerRegistration`objects.



**Note**: This feature is available in[Web Workers](%4334 "").



## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Also implements properties from its parent interface,</em>[`EventTarget`](%2696 "EventTarget 是一个由可以接收事件的对象实现的接口，并且可以为它们创建侦听器。").

<dl><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.scope`](%18546 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Returns a unique identifier for a service worker registration. This must be on the same origin as the document that registers the[`ServiceWorker`](%3201 "一个ServiceWorker对象在 ServiceWorkerRegistration.active 属性和 ServiceWorkerContainer.controller 属性中可用 — 这是一个激活并在控制页面的service worker(service worker成功注册,被控页面已经重新加载完毕.)").</dd><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.installing`](%10722 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")**只读**</dt><dd>Returns a service worker whose state is`installing`. This is initially set to`null`.</dd><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.waiting`](%18547 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")**只读**</dt><dd>Returns a service worker whose state is`installed`. This is initially set to`null`.</dd><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.active`](%10726 "The active property of the ServiceWorkerRegistration interface returns a service worker whose ServiceWorker.state is activating or activated. This property is initially set to null.")**只读**</dt><dd>Returns a service worker whose state is either`activating`or`activated`. This is initially set to`null`. An active worker will control a[`ServiceWorkerClient`](%18548 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")if the client&#39;s URL falls within the scope of the registration (the`scope`option set when[`ServiceWorkerContainer.register`](%18488 "ServiceWorkerContainer 接口的 register() 方法创建或更新一个给定scriptURL的ServiceWorkerRegistration 。")is first called.)</dd><dt id=''>[`serviceWorkerRegistration.periodicSync`](%18549 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")<i></i>只读</dt><dd>Returns a reference to the[`PeriodicSyncManager`](%18550 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")interface, which manages periodic background synchronization processes.</dd><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.pushManager`](%16612 "ServiceWorkerRegistration 接口的 pushManager 属性返回用于管理推送订阅的 PushManager 接口的引用。包括支持订阅，获取活动订阅和访问推送权限状态。")只读</dt><dd>Returns a reference to the[`PushManager`](%3030 "The PushManager interface of the Push API provides a way to receive notifications from third-party servers as well as request URLs for push notifications.")interface for managing push subscriptions including subscribing, getting an active subscription, and accessing push permission status.</dd><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.sync`](%18551 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")**<i></i>**只读</dt><dd>Returns a reference to the[`SyncManager`](%3237 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")interface, which manages background synchronization processes.</dd></dl>
### Event handlers<a name="Event_handlers"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.onupdatefound`](%18552 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>An[`EventListener`](%14267 "This method is called whenever an event occurs of the type for which the EventListener interface was registered.")property called whenever an event of type`updatefound`is fired; it is fired any time the[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.installing`](%10722 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")property acquires a new service worker.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Also implements methods from its parent interface,</em>[`EventTarget`](%2696 "EventTarget 是一个由可以接收事件的对象实现的接口，并且可以为它们创建侦听器。").

<dl><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.getNotifications()`](%18553 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`](%4107 "Promise 对象用于表示一个异步操作的最终状态（完成或失败），以及其返回的值。")that resolves to an array of[`Notification`](%18554 "Notifications API 的通知接口用于向用户配置和显示桌面通知。")objects.</dd><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.showNotification()`](%18555 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Displays the notification with the requested title.</dd><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.update()`](%18556 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Checks the server for an updated version of the service worker without consulting caches.</dd><dt id=''>[`ServiceWorkerRegistration.unregister()`](%18557 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Unregisters the service worker registration and returns a promise (see[`Promise`](%4107 "Promise 对象用于表示一个异步操作的最终状态（完成或失败），以及其返回的值。")). The service worker will finish any ongoing operations before it is unregistered.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


This code snippet is from the[service worker registration-events sample](%18479 "")([live demo](%18480 "")). The code checks to see if the browser supports service workers and if there&#39;s currently a service worker handling requests on this page for the current navigation.



Any new service workers are registered; if there&#39;s an existing service worker, the code overrides its default scope so that the registration applies to the current directory and everything underneath it. The example also reports any registration failures.


```
if ('serviceWorker' in navigator) {
  document.querySelector('#availability').innerText = 'are';
  document.querySelector('#controlled').innerText = navigator.serviceWorker.controller ? 'is' : 'is not';
  navigator.serviceWorker.register('service-worker.js', {scope: './'}).then(function(registration) {
    document.querySelector('#register').textContent = 'succeeded';
  }).catch(function(error) {
    document.querySelector('#register').textContent = 'failed: ' + error;
  });
} else {
  document.querySelector('#availability').innerText = 'are not';
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>ServiceWorkerRegistration</small>](%18558 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 
[Push API<br></br><small>PushManager</small>](%18559 "") | Working Draft | Adds the[`pushManager`](%3030 "The PushManager interface of the Push API provides a way to receive notifications from third-party servers as well as request URLs for push notifications.")property. 
[Notifications API](%15704 "Notifications API") | Living Standard | Adds the[`showNotification()`](%18555 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")method and the[`getNotifications()`](%18553 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")method. 
[Web Background Synchronization](%18560 "Web Background Synchronization") | Living Standard | Adds the[`sync`](%18551 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")property. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 40.0 | [44.0](%3681 "Released on 2016-01-26.")(44.0)<sup>[1]</sup> | 未实现 | ? | 未实现 
Available in web workers | (Yes) | [44.0](%3681 "Released on 2016-01-26.")(44.0)<sup>[1]</sup> | 未实现 | ? | 未实现 
`getNotifications()`,`showNotification()` | (Yes) | [46.0](%11041 "Released on 2016-04-26.")(46.0)<sup>[1]</sup> | 未实现 | ? | 未实现 
`sync`property | 49.0 |  |  |  |  






[1] Service workers (and[Push](%4701 "")) have been disabled in the[Firefox 45 and 52 Extended Support Releases](%4702 "")(ESR.)


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using Service Workers](%4703 "")
* [Service workers basic code example](%4704 "")
* [Is ServiceWorker ready?](%4705 "")
* [`Promise`](%4107 "Promise 对象用于表示一个异步操作的最终状态（完成或失败），以及其返回的值。")
* [Using web workers](%4706 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Draft](%14585 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [NeedsTranslation](%4036 "")
* [Offline](%4708 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Service Workers](%4709 "")
* [ServiceWorkerRegistration](%18561 "")
* [TopicStub](%4037 "")
* [Workers](%4862 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 ""),<time>Feb 28, 2017, 3:27:34 AM</time>


