---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ServiceWorkerState
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18562 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18563 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]18564 "")carefully before using this in production.





The`**ServiceWorkerState**`is associated with its[`ServiceWorker`]4351 "The ServiceWorker interface of the ServiceWorker API provides a reference to a service worker. Multiple browsing contexts (e.g. pages, workers, etc.) can be associated with the same service worker, each through a unique ServiceWorker object.")&#39;s state.


## Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`installing`</dt><dd>The service worker in this state is considered an installing worker. During this state,[`ExtendableEvent.waitUntil()`]14343 "The extendableEvent.waitUntil() method tells the event dispatcher that work is ongoing. It can also be used to detect whether that work was successful. In service workers, waitUntil() tells the browser that work is ongoing until the promise settles, and it shouldn't terminate the service worker if it wants that work to complete.")can be called inside the`install`event handler to extend the life of the installing worker until the passed promise resolves successfully. This is primarily used to ensure that the service worker is not active until all of the core caches are populated.</dd><dt id=''>`installed`</dt><dd>The service worker in this state is considered a waiting worker.</dd><dt id=''>`activating`</dt><dd>The service worker in this state is considered an active worker. During this state,[`ExtendableEvent.waitUntil()`]14343 "The extendableEvent.waitUntil() method tells the event dispatcher that work is ongoing. It can also be used to detect whether that work was successful. In service workers, waitUntil() tells the browser that work is ongoing until the promise settles, and it shouldn't terminate the service worker if it wants that work to complete.")can be called inside the`onactivate`event handler to extend the life of the active worker until the passed promise resolves successfully. No functional events are dispatched until the state becomes activated.</dd><dt id=''>`activated`</dt><dd>The service worker in this state is considered an active worker ready to handle functional events.</dd><dt id=''>`redundant`</dt><dd>A new service worker is replacing the current service worker, or the current service worker is being discarded due to an install failure.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ServiceWorkerState&#39; in that specification.</small>]18565 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Service Workers]4709 "")
* [ServiceWorker]4904 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[rolfedh]3542 ""),[g0ne]18566 "")
**最后编辑者:**[rolfedh]3542 ""),<time>Mar 2, 2016, 12:22:17 PM</time>


