---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SourceBufferList
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18648 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18642 "")版。</bdi>






**Draft**<br></br>This page is not complete.




**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3212#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`SourceBufferList`**interface represents a simple container list for multiple[`SourceBuffer`]18596 "The SourceBuffer interface represents a chunk of media to be passed into an HTMLMediaElement and played, via a MediaSource object. This can be made up of one or several media segments.")objects.



The source buffer list containing the`SourceBuffer`s appended to a particular`MediaSource`can be retrieved using the[`MediaSource.sourceBuffers`]18650 "The sourceBuffers read-only property of the MediaSource interface returns a SourceBufferList object containing the list of SourceBuffer objects associated with this MediaSource.")property.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SourceBufferList$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1364486' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SourceBufferList.length`]18651 "The length read-only property of the SourceBufferList interface returns the number of SourceBuffer objects in the list.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the number of[`SourceBuffer`]18596 "The SourceBuffer interface represents a chunk of media to be passed into an HTMLMediaElement and played, via a MediaSource object. This can be made up of one or several media segments.")objects in the list.</dd></dl>
### Event handlers<a name="Event_handlers"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`SourceBufferList.onaddsourcebuffer`]18652 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>The event handler for the`addsourcebuffer`event.</dd><dt id=''>[`SourceBufferList.onremovesourcebuffer`]18653 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>The event handler for the`removesourcebuffer`event.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Inherits methods from its parent interface,[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`SourceBufferList.SourceBuffer()`]18654 "The SourceBuffer() getter method of the SourceBufferList interface allows the SourceBuffer objects in the list to be accessed with an array operator (i.e. [].)")</dt><dd>This getter allows the`SourceBuffer`objects in the list to be accessed with an array operator (i.e.`[]`.)</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


TBD.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Media Source Extensions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SourceBufferList&#39; in that specification.</small>]18655 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`length`]18656 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>31 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`onaddsourcebuffer`]18657 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`onremovesourcebuffer`]18658 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`MediaSource`]18598 "The MediaSource interface of the Media Source Extensions API represents a source of media data for an HTMLMediaElement object. A MediaSource object can be attached to a HTMLMediaElement to be played in the user agent.")
* [`SourceBuffer`]18596 "The SourceBuffer interface represents a chunk of media to be passed into an HTMLMediaElement and played, via a MediaSource object. This can be made up of one or several media segments.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media Source Extensions]18643 "")
* [MSE]18644 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SourceBufferList]18659 "")
* [Video]4182 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Jedipedia]4038 ""),[tocretpa]9666 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 5, 2018, 4:32:44 AM</time>


