---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/StorageEstimate
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18925 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18926 "")版。</bdi>






**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers](%3229#Browser_compatibility "").





The**`StorageEstimate`**dictionary is used by the[`StorageManager`]15568 "The StorageManager interface of the the Storage API provides an interface for managing persistance permissions and estimating available storage. You can get a reference to this interface using either navigator.storage or WorkerNavigator.storage.")to provide estimates of the size of a site&#39;s or application&#39;s data store and how much of it is in use. The[`estimate()`]18928 "The estimate() method of the StorageManager interface asks the Storage Manager to obtain quota and usage information for the current origin. This method operates asynchronously, so it returns a Promise which resolves once the information is available. The promise's fulfillment handler receives as an input a StorageEstimate with the usage and quota data.")method returns an object that conforms to this dictionary when its[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")resolves.



These values are only estimates for several reasons, including both performance and preventing storage capacity data from being used for fingerprinting purposes. See the individual property pages for details.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This dictionary currently always has both of the following properties defined.</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`quota`]18929 "The StorageEstimate dictionary's quota property is a conservative approximation of how much storage is allotted to the origin or Web app that called StorageManager.estimate(); there may be more space available, but there will not be less. This value is an estimate to help prevent its use for fingerprinting—that is, identifying a device using an amalgamation of the values of seemingly innocuous properties.")Secure context</dt><dd>A numeric value which provides a conservative approximation of the total storage the user&#39;s device or computer has available for the site origin or Web app. It&#39;s possible that there&#39;s more than this amount of space available though you can&#39;t rely on that being the case.</dd><dt id=''>[`usage`]18930 "The StorageEstimate dictionary's usage property is a conservative approximation of how much storage is allotted to the origin or Web app that called StorageManager.estimate(); there may be more space available, but there will not be less. The value is an estimate because the user agent may use compression, duplication prevention techniques, and other methods to improve storage efficiency.")Secure context</dt><dd>A numeric value approximating the amount of storage space currently being used by the site or Web app, out of the available space as indicated by`quota`.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Storage<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;StorageEstimate&#39; in that specification.</small>]18931 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Microsoft Edge | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 55 | [57]16161 "Released on 2017-11-28.")(57) | ? | ? | 42 | ? 





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Storage API]18932 "")
* [`StorageManager`]15568 "The StorageManager interface of the the Storage API provides an interface for managing persistance permissions and estimating available storage. You can get a reference to this interface using either navigator.storage or WorkerNavigator.storage.")
* [`StorageManager.estimate()`]18928 "The estimate() method of the StorageManager interface asks the Storage Manager to obtain quota and usage information for the current origin. This method operates asynchronously, so it returns a Promise which resolves once the information is available. The promise's fulfillment handler receives as an input a StorageEstimate with the usage and quota data.")
* [`navigator.storage`]15572 "The NavigatorStorage.storage read-only property returns the singleton StorageManager object used to access the overall storage capabilities of the browser for the current site or app. ")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Quotas]18933 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Secure context]15577 "")
* [Storage]4710 "")
* [Storage API]18934 "")
* [StorageEstimate]18935 "")
* [Usage]18936 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[tomayac]18937 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Nov 20, 2017, 5:28:16 AM</time>


