---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/StorageManager
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18947 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15568 "")版。</bdi>






**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers](%3231#Browser_compatibility "").




**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3231#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`StorageManager`**interface of the the[Storage API]18932 "")provides an interface for managing persistance permissions and estimating available storage. You can get a reference to this interface using either[`navigator.storage`]15567 "The NavigatorStorage.storage read-only property returns the singleton StorageManager object used to access the overall storage capabilities of the browser for the current site or app. The returned object lets you examine and configure persistence of data stores and learn approximately how much more space your browser has available for local storage use.")or[`WorkerNavigator.storage`]18949 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`StorageManager.estimate()`]18928 "The estimate() method of the StorageManager interface asks the Storage Manager to obtain quota and usage information for the current origin. This method operates asynchronously, so it returns a Promise which resolves once the information is available. The promise's fulfillment handler receives as an input a StorageEstimate with the usage and quota data.")Secure context</dt><dd>Returns a[`StorageEstimate`]18926 "The StorageEstimate dictionary is used by the StorageManager to provide estimates of the size of a site's or application's data store and how much of it is in use. The estimate() method returns an object that conforms to this dictionary when its Promise resolves.")object containing usage and quota numbers for your origin.</dd><dt id=''>[`StorageManager.persist()`]18950 "The persist() method of the StorageManager interface requests permission to use persistent storage, and returns a Promise that resolves to true if permission is granted and box mode is persistent, and false otherwise.")Secure context</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves to`true`if the user agent is able to persist your site&#39;s storage.</dd><dt id=''>[`StorageManager.persisted()`]18951 "The persisted property of the StorageManager interface returns a Promise that resolves to true if box mode is ")Secure context</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves to`true`if persistence has already been granted for your site&#39;s storage.</dd></dl>Specification | Status | Comment 
[Storage<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;StorageManger&#39; in that specification.</small>]18952 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Microsoft Edge | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 55 | [51]17564 "Released on 2017-01-24.")(51)<sup>[1]</sup><br></br>[57]16161 "Released on 2017-11-28.")(57)<sup>[3]</sup> | ? | ? | 42 | ? 
[`estimate()`]18928 "The estimate() method of the StorageManager interface asks the Storage Manager to obtain quota and usage information for the current origin. This method operates asynchronously, so it returns a Promise which resolves once the information is available. The promise's fulfillment handler receives as an input a StorageEstimate with the usage and quota data.") | 61 | [51]17564 "Released on 2017-01-24.")(51)<sup>[1]</sup><br></br>[57]16161 "Released on 2017-11-28.")(57)<sup>[3]</sup> | ? | ? | 48 | ? 
[`persist()`]18950 "The persist() method of the StorageManager interface requests permission to use persistent storage, and returns a Promise that resolves to true if permission is granted and box mode is persistent, and false otherwise.")and[`persisted()`]18951 "The persisted property of the StorageManager interface returns a Promise that resolves to true if box mode is ") | 55 | [55]18953 "Released on 2017-08-08.")(55)<sup>[2]</sup><br></br>[57]16161 "Released on 2017-11-28.")(57)<sup>[3]</sup> | ? | ? | 42 | ? 










[1] Firefox 51 introduced`NavigatorStorage`,[`navigator.storage`]15567 "The NavigatorStorage.storage read-only property returns the singleton StorageManager object used to access the overall storage capabilities of the browser for the current site or app. The returned object lets you examine and configure persistence of data stores and learn approximately how much more space your browser has available for local storage use."), and the[`StorageManager.estimate()`]18928 "The estimate() method of the StorageManager interface asks the Storage Manager to obtain quota and usage information for the current origin. This method operates asynchronously, so it returns a Promise which resolves once the information is available. The promise's fulfillment handler receives as an input a StorageEstimate with the usage and quota data.")method. These are enabled by default in[nightly builds]16585 "")but disabled by default in all other builds. You can enable these features by setting the`preference dom.storageManager.enabled`to`true`.



[2] Firefox 55 introduced[`StorageManager.persist()`]18950 "The persist() method of the StorageManager interface requests permission to use persistent storage, and returns a Promise that resolves to true if permission is granted and box mode is persistent, and false otherwise.")and[`StorageManager.persisted()`]18951 "The persisted property of the StorageManager interface returns a Promise that resolves to true if box mode is ")methods. Users can also manage persistent-storage data in Preferences &quot;Privacy and Security&quot; -&gt; &quot;Site data&quot;. These are enabled by default in[nightly builds]16585 "")but disabled by default in all other builds. You can enable these features by setting the preference`dom.storageManager.enabled`and browser.storageManager.enabled to`true`.



[3] The[Storage API]18932 "")is implemented and enabled by default in Firefox 57.




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Persistence]18954 "")
* [Quotas]18933 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Secure context]15577 "")
* [Storage]4710 "")
* [Storage API]18934 "")
* [StorageManager]18955 "")
* [Usage]18936 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[inexorabletash]13978 ""),[shawn_huang]18956 ""),[cfjedimaster]18957 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Jun 20, 2018, 1:05:52 PM</time>


