---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/StorageQuota
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]18958 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]18959 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]18960 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`storageQuota`**property of the[`Navigator`]15539 "The Navigator interface represents the state and the identity of the user agent. It allows scripts to query it and to register themselves to carry on some activities.")interface of the[Quota Management API]18961 "")provides means to query and request storage usage and quota information.You can get a reference to this interface using`Navigator.storageQuota`.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`StorageQuota.supportedTypes`]18962 "The supportedTypes read-only property of the StorageQuota interface returns a list of the available storage types.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a list of the available storage types.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`StorageQuota.queryInfo`]18963 "The queryInfo() property of the StorageQuota interface returns a StorageInfo object containting the current data usage and available quota information for the application.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`StorageInfo`]18964 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")object containting the current data usage and available quota information for the application.</dd><dt id=''>[`StorageQuota.requestPersistentQuota`]18965 "The requestPersistentQuota() property of the StorageQuota interface requests persistent storage for the requesting application and returns a Promise to an instance of StorageInfo.")</dt><dd>Requests persistent storage for the requesting application and returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")to an instance of[`StorageInfo`]18966 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"). There is no guarantee that the requested space will be granted by the user agent.</dd><dt id=''>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
</dt></dl>Specification | Status | Comment 
[Quota Management API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;storageQuota&#39; in that specification.</small>]18967 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 55.0 | ? | ? | 42 | ? 







## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Quota Management API]18968 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [StorageQuota]18969 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[tocretpa]9666 ""),[Biosis]18970 ""),[david_ross]3412 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[tocretpa]9666 ""),<time>Aug 29, 2017, 9:35:03 PM</time>


