---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/TrackDefaultList
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]19171 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]19168 "")版。</bdi>






**Draft**<br></br>This page is not complete.




**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3249#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`TrackDefaultList`**interface represents a simple container list for multiple[`TrackDefault`]19158 "The TrackDefault interface provides a SourceBuffer with kind, label, and language information for tracks that do not contain this information in the initialization segments of a media chunk.")objects.



The`TrackDefaultList`associated with a particular`SourceBuffer`can be retrieved using the[`SourceBuffer.trackDefaults`]18607 "The trackDefaults property of the SourceBuffer interface specifies the default values to use if kind, label, and/or language information is not available in the initialization segment of the media to be appended to the SourceBuffer.")property.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`TrackDefaultList()`]19173 "The TrackDefaultList() constructor of the TrackDefaultList interface constructs and returns a new TrackDefaultList object.")</dt><dd>Constructs and returns a new`TrackDefaultList`object.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent interface,[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`TrackDefaultList.length`]19174 "The length read-only property of the TrackDefaultList interface returns the number of TrackDefault objects in the list.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the number of[`TrackDefault`]19158 "The TrackDefault interface provides a SourceBuffer with kind, label, and language information for tracks that do not contain this information in the initialization segments of a media chunk.")objects in the list.</dd></dl><dl></dl><dl></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent interface,[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them.").</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`TrackDefaultList.TrackDefault()`]19175 "The TrackDefault() getter method of the TrackDefaultList interface allows the TrackDefault objects in the list to be accessed with an array operator (i.e. [].)")</dt><dd>This getter allows the`TrackDefault`objects in the list to be accessed with an array operator (i.e.`[]`.)</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


TBD.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Media Source Extensions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;TrackDefaultList&#39; in that specification.</small>]19176 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | ? | No support | ? | ? | ? 





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`MediaSource`]18598 "The MediaSource interface of the Media Source Extensions API represents a source of media data for an HTMLMediaElement object. A MediaSource object can be attached to a HTMLMediaElement to be played in the user agent.")
* [`SourceBuffer`]18596 "The SourceBuffer interface represents a chunk of media to be passed into an HTMLMediaElement and played, via a MediaSource object. This can be made up of one or several media segments.")
* [`TrackDefaultList`]19168 "The TrackDefaultList interface represents a simple container list for multiple TrackDefault objects.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Extensions]4860 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [MSE]18644 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [source]19177 "")
* [TrackDefaultList]19178 "")
* [Video]4182 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Oct 16, 2015, 6:44:37 AM</time>


