---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/URLUtilsReadOnly
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]19267 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]19268 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3257#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`URLUtilsReadOnly`**interface defines utility methods to work with URLs. It defines only non-modifying methods intended to be used on data that cannot be changed.



There are no object of this type, but several interface are implemented it, like[`WorkerLocation`]19270 "The WorkerLocation interface defines the absolute location of the script executed by the Worker. Such an object is initialized for each worker and is available via the WorkerGlobalScope.location property obtained by calling self.location.").


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t inherit any property.</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.href`]19271 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.href read-only property returns a DOMString containing the whole URL.")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the whole URL.</dd><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.protocol`]19272 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.protocol read-only property returns a DOMString containing the protocol scheme of the URL, including the final ':'.")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the protocol scheme of the URL, including the final`':'`.</dd><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.host`]19273 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.host read-only property returns a DOMString containing the host, that is the hostname, a ':', and the port of the URL.")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the host, that is the<em>hostname</em>, a`':'`, and the<em>port</em>of the URL.</dd><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.hostname`]19274 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.hostname read-only property returns a DOMString containing the domain of the URL.")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the domain of the URL.</dd><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.origin`]19275 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.origin read-only property is a DOMString containing the Unicode serialization of the origin of the represented URL, that is, for http and https, the scheme followed by '://', followed by the domain, followed by ':', followed by the port (the default port, 80 and 443 respectively, if explicitely specified). For URL using file: scheme, the value is browser dependant.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the canonical form of the origin of the specific location.</dd><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.port`]19276 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.port read-only property returns a DOMString containing the port number of the URL.")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the port number of the URL.</dd><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.pathname`]19277 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.pathname read-only property returns a DOMString containing an initial '/' followed by the path of the URL.")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing an initial`'/'`followed by the path of the URL.</dd><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.search`]19278 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.search read-only property returns a DOMString containing a '?' followed by the parameters of the URL.")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing a`'?'`followed by the parameters of the URL.</dd><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.hash`]19279 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.hash read-only property returns a DOMString containing a '#' followed by the fragment identifier of the URL. The hash is not percent encoded.")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing a`'#'`followed by the fragment identifier of the URL.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t inherit any method.</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`URLUtilsReadOnly.toString()`]19280 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.toString() stringifier method returns a DOMString containing the whole URL. It is a synonym for URLUtilsReadOnly.href.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing the whole URL. It is a synonym for[`URLUtilsReadOnly.href`]19271 "The URLUtilsReadOnly.href read-only property returns a DOMString containing the whole URL.").</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[URL<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;URLUtilsReadOnly&#39; in that specification.</small>]19281 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`hash`]19282 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`host`]19283 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`hostname`]19284 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`href`]19285 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`origin`]19286 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`pathname`]19287 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`port`]19288 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`protocol`]19289 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`search`]19290 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`toString`]19291 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Other URL-related interfaces:[`URL`]19292 "The URL interface represents an object providing static methods used for creating object URLs."),[`URLUtils`]19293 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), and[`URLQuery`]19294 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").
* Interfaces implementing this one:[`WorkerLocation`]19270 "The WorkerLocation interface defines the absolute location of the script executed by the Worker. Such an object is initialized for each worker and is available via the WorkerGlobalScope.location property obtained by calling self.location.").
<dl><br></br><br></br><br></br><br></br><dd></dd><dd></dd></dl>


## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [URL API]19295 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[connorshea]5516 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[connorshea]5516 ""),<time>Jun 13, 2018, 10:28:02 PM</time>


