---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/USB
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]19296 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]19297 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3258#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`USB`**interface of the the[WebUSB API]19299 "")provides attributes and methods for finding and connecting USB devices from a web page.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


None.


### Event handlers<a name="Event_handlers"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`USB.onconnect`]19300 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An event handler called whenever a previously paired device is connected.</dd><dt id=''>[`USB.ondisconnect`]19301 "The ondisconnect property of the USB is an event handler called whenever a paired device is disconnected.")</dt><dd>An event handler called whenever a paired device is disconnected.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`USB.getDevices()`]19302 "The getDevices method of the USB interface returns a Promise that resolves with an array of USBDevice objects for paired attached devices. For information on pairing devices, see USB.requestDevice().")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves with an array of[`USBDevice`]19303 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")objects for paired attached devices.</dd><dt id=''>[`USB.requestDevice()`]19304 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves with an instance of[`USBDevice`]19303 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")if the specified device is found. Calling this function triggers the user agent&#39;s pairing flow.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebUSB<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;USB&#39; in that specification.</small>]19305 "") | Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`onconnect`]19306 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`ondisconnect`]19307 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`getDevices`]19308 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`requestDevice`]19309 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [USB]19310 "")
* [WebUSB]19311 "")
* [WebUSB API]19312 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[jpmedley]3413 ""),<time>May 24, 2018, 1:40:44 PM</time>


