---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/VRLayerInit
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]19539 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]19540 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3269#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`VRLayerInit`**interface (dictionary) of the[WebVR API]6396 "")represents a content layer (an[`HTMLCanvasElement`]6509 "The HTMLCanvasElement interface provides properties and methods for manipulating the layout and presentation of canvas elements. The HTMLCanvasElement interface also inherits the properties and methods of the HTMLElement interface.")or[`OffscreenCanvas`]19546 "The OffscreenCanvas interface provides a canvas that can be rendered off screen. It is available in both the window and worker contexts.")) that you want to present in a VR display.



You can retrieve`VRLayerInit`objects using[`VRDisplay.getLayers()`]19547 "The getLayers() method of the VRDisplay interface returns the layers currently being presented by the VRDisplay."), and present them using the[`VRDisplay.requestPresent()`]19445 "The requestPresent() method of the VRDisplay interface starts the VRDisplay presenting a scene.")method.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`VRLayerInit.leftBounds`]19548 "The leftBounds property of the VRLayerInit interface (dictionary) defines the left texture bounds of the canvas whose contents will be presented by the VRDisplay.")</dt><dd>Defines the left texture bounds of the canvas whose contents will be presented by the[`VRDisplay`]19437 "The VRDisplay interface of the WebVR API represents any VR device supported by this API. It includes generic information such as device IDs and descriptions, as well as methods for starting to present a VR scene, retrieving eye parameters and display capabilities, and other important functionality.").</dd><dt id=''>[`VRLayerInit.rightBounds`]19549 "The rightBounds property of the VRLayerInit interface (dictionary) defines the right texture bounds of the canvas whose contents will be presented by the VRDisplay.")</dt><dd>Defines the right texture bounds of the canvas whose contents will be presented by the[`VRDisplay`]19437 "The VRDisplay interface of the WebVR API represents any VR device supported by this API. It includes generic information such as device IDs and descriptions, as well as methods for starting to present a VR scene, retrieving eye parameters and display capabilities, and other important functionality.").</dd><dt id=''>[`VRLayerInit.source`]19550 "The source property of the VRLayerInit interface (dictionary) defines the canvas whose contents will be presented by the VRDisplay.")</dt><dd>Defines the canvas whose contents will be presented by the[`VRDisplay`]19437 "The VRDisplay interface of the WebVR API represents any VR device supported by this API. It includes generic information such as device IDs and descriptions, as well as methods for starting to present a VR scene, retrieving eye parameters and display capabilities, and other important functionality.")when[`VRDisplay.submitFrame()`]19551 "The submitFrame() method of the VRDisplay interface captures the current state of the VRLayerInit currently being presented and displays it on the VRDisplay.")is called.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
// currently returns an empty array
var layers = vrDisplay.getLayers();

if(navigator.getVRDisplays) {
  console.log('WebVR 1.1 supported');
  // Then get the displays attached to the computer
  navigator.getVRDisplays().then(function(displays) {
    // If a display is available, use it to present the scene
    if(displays.length > 0) {
      vrDisplay = displays[0];
      console.log('Display found');
      // Starting the presentation when the button is clicked: It can only be called in response to a user gesture
      btn.addEventListener('click', function() {
        vrDisplay.requestPresent([{ source: canvas }]).then(function() {
          console.log('Presenting to WebVR display');

          // Here it returns an array of VRLayerInit objects
          var layers = vrDisplay.getLayers();

          ...
        });
      });
    }
  });
}
```


[`VRLayerInit`]19540 "The VRLayerInit interface (dictionary) of the WebVR API represents a content layer (an HTMLCanvasElement or OffscreenCanvas) that you want to present in a VR display.")objects look something like this:


```
{
  leftBounds : [ ... ],
  rightBounds: [ ... ],
  source: canvasReference
}
```


**Note**: The`canvasReference`refers to the[`<canvas>`]470 "Use the HTML <canvas> element with either the canvas scripting API or the WebGL API to draw graphics and animations.")element itself, not the WebGL context associated with the canvas. The other two members are arrays



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebVR 1.1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;VRLayerInit&#39; in that specification.</small>]19552 "") | Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`leftBounds`]19557 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`rightBounds`]19561 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`source`]19568 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebVR API homepage]6396 "")
* [MozVr.com]11989 "")— demos, downloads, and other resources from the Mozilla VR team.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Virtual Reality]11629 "")
* [VR]11630 "")
* [VRLayerInit]19581 "")
* [WebVR]11631 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Squareys]19583 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Aug 24, 2017, 12:25:22 PM</time>


