---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WEBGL_compressed_texture_etc
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%19908 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%19909 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WEBGL_compressed_texture_etc**`extension is part of the[WebGL API](%9901 "")and exposes 10[ETC/EAC compressed texture formats](%19911 "").



Compressed textures reduce the amount of memory needed to store a texture on the GPU, allowing for higher resolution textures or more of the same resolution textures.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`](%9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions](%9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial](%9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is available to both,[WebGL1](%9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")and[WebGL2](%9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")contexts.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


The compressed texture formats are exposed by 10 constants and can be used in two functions:[`compressedTexImage2D()`](%19850 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()  and WebGL2RenderingContext.compressedTexImage3D() methods of the WebGL API specify a two- or three-dimensional texture image in a compressed format.")and[`compressedTexSubImage2D()`](%19851 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional sub-rectangle for a texture image in a compressed format.").

<dl><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_R11_EAC`</dt><dd>One-channel (red) unsigned format compression.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SIGNED_R11_EAC`</dt><dd>One-channel (red) signed format compression.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_RG11_EAC`</dt><dd>Two-channel (red and green) unsigned format compression.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SIGNED_RG11_EAC`</dt><dd>Two-channel (red and green) signed format compression.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_RGB8_ETC2`</dt><dd>Compresses RGB8 data with no alpha channel.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_RGBA8_ETC2_EAC`</dt><dd>Compresses RGBA8 data. The RGB part is encoded the same as`RGB_ETC2`, but the alpha part is encoded separately.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB8_ETC2`</dt><dd>Compresses sRGB8 data with no alpha channel.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB8_ALPHA8_ETC2_EAC`</dt><dd>Compresses sRGBA8 data. The sRGB part is encoded the same as`SRGB_ETC2`, but the alpha part is encoded separately.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_RGB8_PUNCHTHROUGH_ALPHA1_ETC2`</dt><dd>Similar to`RGB8_ETC`, but with ability to punch through the alpha channel, which means to make it completely opaque or transparent.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB8_PUNCHTHROUGH_ALPHA1_ETC2`</dt><dd>Similar to`SRGB8_ETC`, but with ability to punch through the alpha channel, which means to make it completely opaque or transparent.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('WEBGL_compressed_texture_etc');

var texture = gl.createTexture();
gl.bindTexture(gl.TEXTURE_2D, texture);

gl.compressedTexImage2D(gl.TEXTURE_2D, 0, ext.COMPRESSED_RGBA8_ETC2_EAC, 512, 512, 0, textureData);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WEBGL_compressed_texture_etc<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WEBGL_compressed_texture_etc&#39; in that specification.</small>](%19921 "") | Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>](%3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## Compatibility notes<a name="Compatibility_notes"></a>

* This extension was named`WEBGL_compressed_texture_es3`from Firefox 46 to Firefox 51 and used to be available on the WebGL 2 context by default – this is not the case anymore. You have to enable it on both, WebGL 1 and WebGL 2 contexts, in order to use it.

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Ericsson Texture Compression – Wikipedia](%19911 "")
* [`WEBGL_compressed_texture_etc1`](%19924 "The WEBGL_compressed_texture_etc1 extension is part of the WebGL API and exposes the ETC1 compressed texture format.")(ETC1)
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`](%9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()`](%19850 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()  and WebGL2RenderingContext.compressedTexImage3D() methods of the WebGL API specify a two- or three-dimensional texture image in a compressed format.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D()`](%19851 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional sub-rectangle for a texture image in a compressed format.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter()`](%10125 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter() method of the WebGL API returns a value for the passed parameter name.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [WebGL](%52 "")
* [WebGL extension](%9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz](%60 ""),[nmve](%4863 ""),[teoli](%160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz](%60 ""),<time>Jun 8, 2017, 2:42:17 AM</time>


