---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WEBGL_compressed_texture_pvrtc
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%19963 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%19965 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WEBGL_compressed_texture_pvrtc**`extension is part of the[WebGL API](%9901 "")and exposes four[PVRTC compressed texture formats](%19967 "").



Compressed textures reduce the amount of memory needed to store a texture on the GPU, allowing for higher resolution textures or more of the same resolution textures.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`](%9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions](%9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial](%9904 "").



**Availability:**PVRTC is typically only available on mobile devices with PowerVR chipsets. It is used in all generations of the iPhone, iPod Touch and iPad and supported on certain Android devices that use a PowerVR GPU.



This extension is available to both,[WebGL1](%9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")and[WebGL2](%9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")contexts.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


The compressed texture formats are exposed by four constants and can be used in two functions:[`compressedTexImage2D()`](%19850 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()  and WebGL2RenderingContext.compressedTexImage3D() methods of the WebGL API specify a two- or three-dimensional texture image in a compressed format.")(where the`height`and`width`parameters must be powers of 2) and[`compressedTexSubImage2D()`](%19851 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional sub-rectangle for a texture image in a compressed format.")(where the the height and width parameters must equal the current values of the existing texture and the`xoffset`and`yoffset`parameters must be 0).

<dl><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_RGB_PVRTC_4BPPV1_IMG`</dt><dd>RGB compression in 4-bit mode. One block for each 4×4 pixels.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_RGBA_PVRTC_4BPPV1_IMG`</dt><dd>RGBA compression in 4-bit mode. One block for each 4×4 pixels.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_RGB_PVRTC_2BPPV1_IMG`</dt><dd>RGB compression in 2-bit mode. One block for each 8×4 pixels.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_RGBA_PVRTC_2BPPV1_IMG`</dt><dd>RGBA compression in 2-bit mode. One block for each 8×4 pixels.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('WEBGL_compressed_texture_pvrtc');

var texture = gl.createTexture();
gl.bindTexture(gl.TEXTURE_2D, texture);

gl.compressedTexImage2D(gl.TEXTURE_2D, 0, ext.COMPRESSED_RGB_PVRTC_4BPPV1_IMG, 512, 512, 0, textureData);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WEBGL_compressed_texture_pvrtc<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WEBGL_compressed_texture_pvrtc&#39; in that specification.</small>](%19968 "") | Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>](%3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>18 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [PVRTC Texture Compression – Wikipedia](%19967 "")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`](%9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()`](%19850 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()  and WebGL2RenderingContext.compressedTexImage3D() methods of the WebGL API specify a two- or three-dimensional texture image in a compressed format.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D()`](%19851 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional sub-rectangle for a texture image in a compressed format.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter()`](%10125 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter() method of the WebGL API returns a value for the passed parameter name.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [WebGL](%52 "")
* [WebGL extension](%9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz](%60 ""),[nmve](%4863 ""),[teoli](%160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz](%60 ""),<time>Jun 8, 2017, 2:43:22 AM</time>


