---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WEBGL_compressed_texture_s3tc_srgb
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]20018 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]20019 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WEBGL_compressed_texture_s3tc_srgb**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and exposes four[S3TC compressed texture formats]19987 "")for the sRGB colorspace.



Compressed textures reduce the amount of memory needed to store a texture on the GPU, allowing for higher resolution textures or more of the same resolution textures.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is available to both[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")and[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")contexts.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


The compressed texture formats are exposed by four constants and can be used in two functions:[`compressedTexImage2D()`]19850 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()  and WebGL2RenderingContext.compressedTexImage3D() methods of the WebGL API specify a two- or three-dimensional texture image in a compressed format.")and[`compressedTexSubImage2D()`]19851 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional sub-rectangle for a texture image in a compressed format.").

<dl><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB_S3TC_DXT1_EXT`</dt><dd>A DXT1-compressed image in an sRGB image format.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT1_EXT`</dt><dd>A DXT1-compressed image in an sRGB image format with a simple on/off alpha value.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT3_EXT`</dt><dd>A DXT3-compressed image in an sRGBA image format.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB_ALPHA_S3TC_DXT5_EXT`</dt><dd>A DXT5-compressed image in an sRGBA image format.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('WEBGL_compressed_texture_s3tc_srgb');

var texture = gl.createTexture();
gl.bindTexture(gl.TEXTURE_2D, texture);

gl.compressedTexImage2D(gl.TEXTURE_2D, 0, ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB_S3TC_DXT1_EXT, 512, 512, 0, textureData); 

gl.texParameteri(gl.TEXTURE_2D, gl.TEXTURE_MAG_FILTER, gl.LINEAR);
gl.texParameteri(gl.TEXTURE_2D, gl.TEXTURE_MIN_FILTER, gl.LINEAR);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WEBGL_compressed_texture_s3tc_srgb<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WEBGL_compressed_texture_s3tc_srgb&#39; in that specification.</small>]20030 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [S3 Texture Compression – OpenGL wiki]20039 "")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()`]19850 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexImage2D()  and WebGL2RenderingContext.compressedTexImage3D() methods of the WebGL API specify a two- or three-dimensional texture image in a compressed format.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D()`]19851 "The WebGLRenderingContext.compressedTexSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional sub-rectangle for a texture image in a compressed format.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter()`]10125 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter() method of the WebGL API returns a value for the passed parameter name.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 ""),[fscholz]60 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Jun 14, 2017, 12:03:22 PM</time>


