---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WEBGL_debug_renderer_info
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]20042 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]20043 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WEBGL_debug_renderer_info**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and exposes two constants with information about the graphics driver for debugging purposes.



Depending on the privacy settings of the browser, this extension might only be available to privileged contexts. Generally, the graphics driver information should only be used in edge cases to optimize your WebGL content or to debug GPU problems. The[`WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter()`]10125 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter() method of the WebGL API returns a value for the passed parameter name.")method can help you to detect which features are supported and the`[failIfMajorPerformanceCaveat]20044 "")`context attribute lets you control if a context should be returned at all, if the performance would be dramatically slow.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**Depending on the privacy settings of the browser, this extension might only be available to privileged contexts or not work at all. In Firefox, if`privacy.resistFingerprinting`is set to`true`, this extensions is disabled.



This extension is available to both,[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")and[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")contexts.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>ext.UNMASKED_VENDOR_WEBGL</dt><dd>Vendor string of the graphics driver.</dd><dt id=''>ext.UNMASKED_RENDERER_WEBGL</dt><dd>Renderer string of the graphics driver.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


With the help of this extension, privileged contexts are able to retrieve debugging information about about the user&#39;s graphic driver:


```
var canvas = document.getElementById('canvas');
var gl = canvas.getContext('webgl');

var debugInfo = gl.getExtension('WEBGL_debug_renderer_info');
var vendor = gl.getParameter(debugInfo.UNMASKED_VENDOR_WEBGL);
var renderer = gl.getParameter(debugInfo.UNMASKED_RENDERER_WEBGL);

console.log(vendor);
console.log(renderer);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WEBGL_debug_renderer_info<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WEBGL_debug_renderer_info&#39; in that specification.</small>]20047 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>May 15, 2018, 5:11:46 AM</time>


