---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WEBGL_debug_shaders
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]20056 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]20057 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WEBGL_debug_shaders**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and exposes a method to debug shaders from privileged contexts.



This extension is not directly available to web sites as the way of how the shader is translated may uncover personally-identifiable information to the web page about the kind of graphics card in the user&#39;s computer.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**Depending on the privacy settings of the browser, this extension might only be available to privileged contexts.



This extension is available to both,[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")and[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")contexts.



## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`WEBGL_debug_shaders.getTranslatedShaderSource()`]20061 "The WEBGL_debug_shaders.getTranslatedShaderSource() method is part of the WebGL API and allows you to debug a translated shader.")</dt><dd>Returns the translated shader source.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WEBGL_debug_shaders<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WEBGL_debug_shaders&#39; in that specification.</small>]20062 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Basic support]20071 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 8, 2017, 2:47:30 AM</time>


