---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WEBGL_depth_texture
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]20087 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]20089 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WEBGL_depth_texture**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and defines 2D depth and depth-stencil textures.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is only available to[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")contexts. In[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), the functionality of this extension is available on the WebGL2 context by default. The constant in WebGL2 is`gl.UNSIGNED_INT_24_8`.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


This extension adds a new constant:

<dl><dt id=''>`ext.UNSIGNED_INT_24_8_WEBGL`</dt><dd>Unsigned integer type for 24-bit depth texture data.</dd></dl>
## Extended methods<a name="Extended_methods"></a>


This extension extends[`WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D()`]10058 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional texture image."):


* The`format`and`internalformat`parameters now accept`gl.DEPTH_COMPONENT`and`gl.DEPTH_STENCIL`.
* The`type`parameter now accepts`gl.UNSIGNED_SHORT`,`gl.UNSIGNED_INT`, and`ext.UNSIGNED_INT_24_8_WEBGL`.
* The`pixels`parameter now accepts an`ArrayBufferView`of type`Uint16Array`and`Uint32Array`.


This extension extends[`WebGLRenderingContext.framebufferTexture2D()`]20099 "The WebGLRenderingContext.framebufferTexture2D() method of the WebGL API attaches a texture to a WebGLFramebuffer."):


* The`attachment`parameter now accepts`gl.DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT`.


Incorrectly stated as the`target`parameter in the specification, see[https://www.khronos.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=674]20101 "").







## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('WEBGL_depth_texture');

gl.texImage2D(gl.TEXTURE_2D, 0, gl.DEPTH_COMPONENT, 512, 512, 0, gl.DEPTH_COMPONENT, gl.UNSIGNED_SHORT, null);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WEBGL_depth_texture<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WEBGL_depth_texture&#39; in that specification.</small>]20103 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D()`]10058 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional texture image.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.framebufferTexture2D()`]20099 "The WebGLRenderingContext.framebufferTexture2D() method of the WebGL API attaches a texture to a WebGLFramebuffer.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[aleonhard]20114 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[aleonhard]20114 ""),<time>Feb 10, 2018, 1:48:58 AM</time>


