---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WEBGL_draw_buffers
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]20126 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]20128 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WEBGL_draw_buffers**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and enables a fragment shader to write to several textures, which is useful for[deferred shading]20129 ""), for example.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is only available to[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")contexts. In[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), the functionality of this extension is available on the WebGL2 context by default. In WebGL 2, the constant`s`are available without the &quot;WEBGL&quot; suffix and the new GLSL built-ins require GLSL`#version 300 es`.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>


This extension exposes new constants, which can be used in the[`gl.framebufferRenderbuffer()`]20134 "The WebGLRenderingContext.framebufferRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API attaches a WebGLRenderbuffer object to a WebGLFramebuffer object."),[`gl.framebufferTexture2D()`]20099 "The WebGLRenderingContext.framebufferTexture2D() method of the WebGL API attaches a texture to a WebGLFramebuffer."),[`gl.getFramebufferAttachmentParameter()`]10061 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getFramebufferAttachmentParameter() method of the WebGL API returns information about a framebuffer's attachment.")[`ext.drawBuffersWEBGL()`]20135 "The WEBGL_draw_buffers.drawBuffersWEBGL() method is part of the WebGL API and allows you to define the draw buffers to which all fragment colors are written."), and[`gl.getParameter()`]10125 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getParameter() method of the WebGL API returns a value for the passed parameter name.")methods.

<dl><dt id=''>`ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT0_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT1_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT2_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT3_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT4_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT5_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT6_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT7_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT8_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT9_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT10_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT11_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT12_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT13_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT14_WEBGL<br></br>ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT15_WEBGL`</dt><dd>A[`GLenum`]20137 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying a color buffer.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.DRAW_BUFFER0_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER1_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER2_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER3_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER4_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER5_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER6_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER7_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER8_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER9_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER10_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER11_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER12_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER13_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER14_WEBGL<br></br>ext.DRAW_BUFFER15_WEBGL`</dt><dd>A[`GLenum`]20137 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")returning a draw buffer.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.MAX_COLOR_ATTACHMENTS_WEBGL`</dt><dd>A[`GLint`]9969 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")indicating the maximum number of framebuffer color attachment points.</dd><dt id=''>`ext.MAX_DRAW_BUFFERS_WEBGL`</dt><dd>A[`GLint`]9969 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")indicating the maximum number of draw buffers.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


This extension exposes one new method.

<dl><dt id=''>[`ext.drawBuffersWEBGL()`]20135 "The WEBGL_draw_buffers.drawBuffersWEBGL() method is part of the WebGL API and allows you to define the draw buffers to which all fragment colors are written.")</dt><dd>

Defines the draw buffers to which all fragment colors are written. (When using[`WebGL2`]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), this method is available as[`gl.drawBuffers()`]20140 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.drawBuffers() method of the WebGL 2 API defines draw buffers to which fragment colors are written into. The draw buffer settings are part of the state of the currently bound framebuffer or the drawingbuffer if no framebuffer is bound.")by default).

</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


Enabling the extension:


```
var ext = gl.getExtension('WEBGL_draw_buffers');
```


Binding multiple textures (to a`tx[]`array) to different framebuffer color attachments:


```
var fb = gl.createFramebuffer();
gl.bindFramebuffer(gl.FRAMEBUFFER, fb);
gl.framebufferTexture2D(gl.FRAMEBUFFER, ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT0_WEBGL, gl.TEXTURE_2D, tx[0], 0);
gl.framebufferTexture2D(gl.FRAMEBUFFER, ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT1_WEBGL, gl.TEXTURE_2D, tx[1], 0);
gl.framebufferTexture2D(gl.FRAMEBUFFER, ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT2_WEBGL, gl.TEXTURE_2D, tx[2], 0);
gl.framebufferTexture2D(gl.FRAMEBUFFER, ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT3_WEBGL, gl.TEXTURE_2D, tx[3], 0);
```


Mapping the color attachments to draw buffer slots that the fragment shader will write to using`gl_FragData`:


```
ext.drawBuffersWEBGL([
  ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT0_WEBGL, // gl_FragData[0]
  ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT1_WEBGL, // gl_FragData[1]
  ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT2_WEBGL, // gl_FragData[2]
  ext.COLOR_ATTACHMENT3_WEBGL  // gl_FragData[3]
]);
```


Shader code that writes to multiple textures:


```
<script type="x-shader/x-fragment">
#extension GL_EXT_draw_buffers : require 

precision highp float; 

void main(void) { 
  gl_FragData[0] = vec4(0.25); 
  gl_FragData[1] = vec4(0.5);
  gl_FragData[2] = vec4(0.75); 
  gl_FragData[3] = vec4(1.0);
}
</script>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WEBGL_draw_buffers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WEBGL_draw_buffers&#39; in that specification.</small>]20141 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Basic support]20143 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 28<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGL2RenderingContext.drawBuffers()`]20140 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.drawBuffers() method of the WebGL 2 API defines draw buffers to which fragment colors are written into. The draw buffer settings are part of the state of the currently bound framebuffer or the drawingbuffer if no framebuffer is bound.")
* [WebGL deferred shading - Mozilla Hacks blog]20129 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 8, 2017, 2:49:27 AM</time>


