---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WaveShaperNode
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]20187 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14198 "")版。</bdi>






The**`WaveShaperNode`**interface represents a non-linear distorter. It is an[`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")that uses a curve to apply a wave shaping distortion to the signal. Beside obvious distortion effects, it is often used to add a warm feeling to the signal.




A`WaveShaperNode`always has exactly one input and one output.

Number of inputs | `1` 
Number of outputs | `1` 
Channel count mode | `"max"` 
Channel count | `2`(not used in the default count mode) 
Channel interpretation | `"speakers"` 


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`WaveShaperNode()`]20190 "The WaveShaperNode() constructor of the Web Audio API creates a new WaveShaperNode object which is an AudioNode that represents a non-linear distorter.")</dt><dd>Creates a new instance of an`WaveShaperNode`object.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,</em><em>[`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")</em>.

<dl><dt id=''>[`WaveShaperNode.curve`]20192 "The curve property of the WaveShaperNode interface is a Float32Array of numbers describing the distortion to apply.")</dt><dd>Is a[`Float32Array`]14084 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")of numbers describing the distortion to apply.</dd><dt id=''>[`WaveShaperNode.oversample`]20193 "The oversample property of the WaveShaperNode interface is an enumerated value indicating if oversampling must be used. Oversampling is a technique for creating more samples (up-sampling) before applying a distortion effect to the audio signal.")</dt><dd>Is an enumerated value indicating if oversampling must be used. Oversampling is a technique for creating more samples (up-sampling) before applying the distortion effect to the audio signal.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>No specific method; inherits methods from its parent,</em><em>[`AudioNode`]3857 "The AudioNode interface is a generic interface for representing an audio processing module. Examples include:")</em>.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following example shows basic usage of an AudioContext to create a wave shaper node. For applied examples/information, check out our[Voice-change-O-matic]3430 "")[demo]3848 "")([see app.js]11462 "")for relevant code).



**Note**: Sigmoid functions are commonly used for distortion curves because of their natural properties. Their S-shape, for instance, helps create a smoother sounding result. We found the below distortion curve code on[Stack Overflow]20194 "").



```
var audioCtx = new (window.AudioContext || window.webkitAudioContext)();
var distortion = audioCtx.createWaveShaper();

  ...

function makeDistortionCurve(amount) {
  var k = typeof amount === 'number' ? amount : 50,
    n_samples = 44100,
    curve = new Float32Array(n_samples),
    deg = Math.PI / 180,
    i = 0,
    x;
  for ( ; i < n_samples; ++i ) {
    x = i * 2 / n_samples - 1;
    curve[i] = ( 3 + k ) * x * 20 * deg / ( Math.PI + k * Math.abs(x) );
  }
  return curve;
};

  ...

distortion.curve = makeDistortionCurve(400);
distortion.oversample = '4x';
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WaveShaperNode&#39; in that specification.</small>]20195 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`WaveShaperNode()`constructor]20205 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`curve`]20214 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`oversample`]20220 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3811 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WaveShaperNode]20226 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[Reachmeatshivam]16537 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Nov 1, 2017, 7:05:02 AM</time>


