---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WebGLRenderbuffer
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]20575 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]20489 "")版。</bdi>






The**WebGLRenderbuffer**interface is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and represents a buffer that can contain an image, or can be source or target of an rendering operation.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The`WebGLRenderbuffer`object does not define any methods or properties of its own and its content is not directly accessible. When working with`WebGLRenderbuffer`objects, the following methods of the[`WebGLRenderingContext`]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")are useful:


* [`WebGLRenderingContext.bindRenderbuffer()`]20577 "The WebGLRenderingContext.bindRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API binds a given WebGLRenderbuffer to a target, which must be gl.RENDERBUFFER.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.createRenderbuffer()`]20579 "The WebGLRenderingContext.createRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API creates and initializes a WebGLRenderbuffer object.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.deleteRenderbuffer()`]20580 "The WebGLRenderingContext.deleteRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API deletes a given WebGLRenderbuffer object. This method has no effect if the render buffer has already been deleted.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.isRenderbuffer()`]20581 "The WebGLRenderingContext.isRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API returns true if the passed WebGLRenderbuffer is valid and false otherwise.")

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Creating a render buffer<a name="Creating_a_render_buffer"></a>

```
var canvas = document.getElementById('canvas');
var gl = canvas.getContext('webgl');
var buffer = gl.createRenderbuffer();
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebGL 1.0<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WebGLRenderbuffer&#39; in that specification.</small>]20584 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
Available in workers<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.bindRenderbuffer()`]20577 "The WebGLRenderingContext.bindRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API binds a given WebGLRenderbuffer to a target, which must be gl.RENDERBUFFER.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.createRenderbuffer()`]20579 "The WebGLRenderingContext.createRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API creates and initializes a WebGLRenderbuffer object.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.deleteRenderbuffer()`]20580 "The WebGLRenderingContext.deleteRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API deletes a given WebGLRenderbuffer object. This method has no effect if the render buffer has already been deleted.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.isRenderbuffer()`]20581 "The WebGLRenderingContext.isRenderbuffer() method of the WebGL API returns true if the passed WebGLRenderbuffer is valid and false otherwise.")
* Other buffers:[`WebGLBuffer`]20488 "The WebGLBuffer interface is part of the WebGL API and represents an opaque buffer object storing data such as vertices or colors."),[`WebGLFramebuffer`]20255 "The WebGLFramebuffer interface is part of the WebGL API and represents a collection of buffers that serve as a rendering destination.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Oct 12, 2017, 2:07:16 AM</time>


