---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/box-direction
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





This is a property of the original CSS Flexible Box Layout Module draft, and has been replaced by a newer standard. The`-moz-box-direction`will only be used for XUL while the previous standard`box-direction`has been replaced by`flex-direction`. See[flexbox]36179 "")for information about the current standard.




The**`box-direction`**[CSS]427 "")property specifies whether a box lays out its contents normally (from the top or left edge), or in reverse (from the bottom or right edge).


```
/* Keyword values */
box-direction: normal;
box-direction: reverse;

/* Global values */
box-direction: inherit;
box-direction: initial;
box-direction: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `normal` 
Applies to | elements with a CSS[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")value of`box`or`inline-box` 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`box-direction`property is specified as one of the keyword values listed below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>The box lays out its contents from the start (the left or top edge).</dd><dt id=''>`reverse`</dt><dd>The box lays out its contents from the end (the right or bottom edge).</dd><dt id=''>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>
</dt></dl>
```
normal | reverse | inherit
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
.example {
  /* bottom-to-top layout */
  -moz-box-direction: reverse;      /* Mozilla */
  -webkit-box-direction: reverse;   /* WebKit */
  box-direction: reverse;           /* As specified */
}
```

## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>


The edge of the box designated the*start*for layout purposes depends on the box&#39;s orientation:


**Horizontal** | left 
**Vertical** | top 



The edge opposite to the start is designated the*end*.



If the direction is set using the element&#39;s`dir`attribute, then the style is ignored.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

* [Flexible Box Layout Module (W3C Working Draft)]33643 "")**Note:**The current state of this specification does not reflect Mozilla&#39;s or WebKit&#39;s older implementations.
* [Old Flexible Box Layout Module]36342 "")**Note:**Mozilla and WebKit&#39;s implementations used to reflect this version of the specification.

## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`box-orient`]36343 "This is a property of the original CSS Flexible Box Layout Module draft, and has been replaced by a newer standard. See flexbox for information about the current standard."),[`box-pack`]36345 "This is a property of the original CSS Flexible Box Layout Module draft, and has been replaced by a newer standard. See flexbox for information about the current standard."),[`box-align`]36352 "The box-align CSS property specifies how an element aligns its contents across its layout in a perpendicular direction. The effect of the property is only visible if there is extra space in the box."),[`flex-direction`]34899 "The flex-direction CSS property specifies how flex items are placed in the flex container defining the main axis and the direction (normal or reversed).")



