---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-window-inactive
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`:-moz-window-inactive`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-class]29702 "")is a[Mozilla extension]28318 "")that matches any element while it&#39;s in an inactive window.



`:-moz-window-inactive`works in content HTML documents, too.

**Note:**Prior to the addition of this pseudo-class, giving different styles to background windows was achieved by setting an attribute (`active="true"`) on the top-level XUL chrome window. This attribute is no longer used.

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example alters the appearance of a box&#39;s background depending on whether its window is active or not.


### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div id="mybox">
  <p>This is a box!</p>
</div>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
#mybox {
  background: linear-gradient(to bottom, yellow, cyan);
  width: 200px;
  height: 200px;
}

#mybox:-moz-window-inactive {
  background: cyan;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-window-inactive$samples/Example?revision=1303937' width='220' height='220'></iframe>




You can view this as a[live sample here]36958 "")as well.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification. This is a proprietary pseudo-class specific to Gecko.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | No support | No support | [4.0]3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2)<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support | No support 





[1] Implemented in[bug 508482]36959 "FIXED: Window activation status should be a pseudoclass (:-moz-window-inactive) instead of an attribute").




