---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-ui-invalid
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The`:-moz-ui-invalid`CSS[pseudo-class]29702 "")represents any validated form element whose value isn&#39;t valid based on their[validation constraints]35053 ""), in certain circumstances. This pseudo-class is applied according to the following rules:


* If the control does not have focus, and the value is invalid, apply this pseudo-class.
* If the control has focus, and the value was valid (including empty) when it gained focus, do not apply the pseudo-class.
* If the control has focus, and the value was invalid when it gained focus, re-validate on every keystroke.
* If the element is required, the preceding rules apply only if the user has changed the value or attempted to submit the form.


The result is that if the control was valid when the user started interacting with it, the validity styling is changed only when the user shifts focus to another control. However, if the user is trying to correct a previously-flagged value, the control shows immediately when the value becomes valid. Required items have the pseudo-class applied only if the user changes them or attempts to submit an unchanged valid value.



By default, Gecko applies a style that creates a red &quot;glow&quot; (using the[`box-shadow`]29239 "The box-shadow CSS property is used to add shadow effects around an element's frame. You can specify multiple effects separated by commas if you wish to do so.")property) around items, which have this pseudo-class applied. See the[`:invalid`]34512 "The :invalid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents fail to validate.")pseudo-class for an example that shows how to override the default style.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | No support | [4.0]3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2) | No support | No support | No support 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`:valid`]34532 "The :valid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents validate successfully. This allows to easily make valid fields adopt an appearance that helps the user confirm that their data is formatted properly.")
* [`:invalid`]34512 "The :invalid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents fail to validate.")
* [`:required`]34528 "The :required CSS pseudo-class represents any <input>, <select>, or <textarea> element that has the required attribute set on it.")
* [`:optional`]34524 "The :optional CSS pseudo-class represents any <input>, <select>, or <textarea> element that does not have the required attribute set on it.")
* [`:-moz-ui-valid`]33103 "The :-moz-ui-valid CSS pseudo-class represents any validated form element whose value validates correctly based on its validation constraints.")



