---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/inline-size
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%28773#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`inline-size`**[CSS]427 "CSS")property defines the horizontal or vertical size of an element&#39;s block, depending on its writing mode. It corresponds to either the[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")or the[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.")property, depending on the value of[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.").


```
/* <length> values */
inline-size: 300px;
inline-size: 25em;

/* <percentage> values */
inline-size: 75%;

/* Keyword values */
inline-size: 25em border-box;
inline-size: 75% content-box;
inline-size: max-content;
inline-size: min-content;
inline-size: available;
inline-size: fit-content;
inline-size: auto;

/* Global values */
inline-size: inherit;
inline-size: initial;
inline-size: unset;
```


If the writing mode is vertically oriented, the value of`inline-size`relates to the height of the element; otherwise, it relates to the width of the element. A related property is[`block-size`]28771 "The block-size CSS property defines the horizontal or vertical size of an element's block, depending on its writing mode. It corresponds to either the width or the height property, depending on the value of writing-mode."), which defines the other dimension of the element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | same as[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")and[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | inline-size of containing block 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | same as[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")and[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.") 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>


The`inline-size`property takes the same values as the[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")and[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.")properties.


### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'width'>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p class="exampleText">Example text</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.exampleText {
  writing-mode: vertical-rl;
  background-color: yellow;
  inline-size: 110px;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/inline-size$samples/Example?revision=1342829' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;inline-size&#39; in that specification.</small>]28774 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The mapped physical properties:[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area.")and[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.")
* [`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.")



