---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CanvasCaptureMediaStream/requestFrame
---





The[`CanvasCaptureMediaStreamTrack`]23593 "The CanvasCaptureMediaStreamTrack interface represents the video track contained in a MediaStream being generated from a <canvas> following a call to HTMLCanvasElement.captureStream().")method**`requestFrame()`**requests that a frame be captured from the canvas and sent to the stream.Applications that need to carefully control the timing of rendering and frame capture can use`requestFrame()`to directly specify when it&#39;s time to capture a frame.



To prevent automatic capture of frames, so that frames are only captured when`requestFrame()`is called, specify a value of 0 for the[`captureStream()`]23595 "The HTMLCanvasElement captureStream() method returns a MediaStream which includes a CanvasCaptureMediaStreamTrack containing a real-time video capture of the canvas's contents.")method when creating the stream.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
stream.requestFrame();

```

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


`undefined`


## Usage notes<a name="Usage_notes"></a>


There is currently an issue flagged in the specification pointing out that at this time, no exceptions are being thrown if the canvas isn&#39;t origin-clean. This may change in the future, so it would be wise to plan ahead and watch for exceptions such as`SecurityError`(although the specific error that might be thrown is not mentioned in the spec, this is a likely candidate).


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
// Find the canvas element to capture
var canvasElt = document.getElementsByTagName("canvas")[0];

// Get the stream
var stream = canvasElt.captureStream(25); // 25 FPS

// Send the current state of the canvas as a frame to the stream
stream.getVideoTracks()[0].requestFrame();
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Media Capture from DOM Elements<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CanvasCaptureMediaStream.requestFrame()&#39; in that specification.</small>]23602 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`CanvasCaptureMediaStream`]23603 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), the interface it belongs to.
* [`<canvas>`]470 "Use the HTML <canvas> element with either the canvas scripting API or the WebGL API to draw graphics and animations.")



## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [Canvas]23596 "")
* [CanvasCaptureMediaStream]23604 "")
* [DOM]22837 "")
* [Experimental]23573 "")
* [Frame Capture]23598 "")
* [Media]22821 "")
* [Method]22861 "")
* [Reference]22199 "")
* [requestFrame]23605 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz]22202 ""),[Sheppy]22371 ""),[Sebastianz]22203 ""),[tstrokes]23606 ""),[teoli]22366 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz]22202 ""),<time>Jun 29, 2018, 3:27:41 AM</time>


