---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/-webkit-mask-box-image
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]38419 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]33206 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





`-webkit-mask-box-image`sets the mask image for an element&#39;s border box.


* [Initial value]28552 ""): none
* Applies to: all elements
* [Inherited]28555 ""): no
* Media:[`visual`]34216 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [Computed value]28556 ""): as specified

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
-webkit-mask-box-image: <mask-box-image> [<top> <right> <bottom> <left> <x-repeat> <y-repeat>]
```


Where:

<dl><dt id=''>&lt;mask-box-image&gt;</dt><dd>`[`<uri>`]4572 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")| <gradient> | none`</dd><dt id=''>&lt;top&gt; &lt;right&gt; &lt;bottom&gt; &lt;left&gt;</dt><dd>`<length> | <percentage>`</dd><dt id=''>&lt;x-repeat&gt; &lt;y-repeat&gt;</dt><dd>`repeat | stretch | round`</dd></dl>
### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>&lt;uri&gt;</dt><dd>The location of the image resource to be used as a mask image.</dd><dt id=''>&lt;gradient&gt;</dt><dd>A-webkit-gradientfunction to be used as a mask image.</dd><dt id=''>none</dt><dd>Used to specify that a border box is to have no mask image.</dd></dl><dl><dt id=''>&lt;length&gt;</dt><dd>The size of the mask image&#39;s offset. See[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")for possible units.</dd><dt id=''>&lt;percentage&gt;</dt><dd>The mask image&#39;s offset has a percentage value relative to the border box&#39;s corresponding dimension (width or height).</dd><dt id=''>repeat</dt><dd>The mask image is repeated as many times as is necessary to span the border box. May include a partial image if the mask image does not divide evenly into the border box.</dd><dt id=''>stretch</dt><dd>The mask image is stretched to contain the border box exactly.</dd><dt id=''>round</dt><dd>The mask image is stretched somewhat and repeated such that there is no partial mask image at the end of the border box.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
.exampleone {
  -webkit-mask-box-image: url('mask.png');
}

.exampletwo {
  -webkit-mask-box-image: url('logo.png') 100 100 0 0 round round;
}
```

## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2.1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.2 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


[`-webkit-mask`]33253 "The mask property in CSS allows users to alter the visibility of an item by either partially or fully hiding it. This is accomplished by either masking or clipping the image at specific points."),[`-webkit-mask-origin`]33257 "The mask-origin CSS property determines the origin of a mask."),[`-webkit-mask-attachment`]33205 "If a -webkit-mask-image is specified, -webkit-mask-attachment determines whether the mask image's position is fixed within the viewport, or scrolls along with its containing block."),[`-webkit-mask-clip`]33254 "The mask-clip CSS property determines the area, which is affected by a mask. The painted content of an element must be restricted to this area."),[`-webkit-mask-image`]33256 "The mask-image CSS property sets the image that is used as mask layer for an element."),[`-webkit-mask-composite`]33255 "The -webkit-mask-composite property specifies the manner in which multiple mask images applied to the same element are composited with one another."),[`-webkit-mask-repeat`]33259 "The -webkit-mask-repeat property specifies whether and how a mask image is repeated (tiled).")




