---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/-webkit-mask-composite
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]38424 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]33255 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`-webkit-mask-composite`**property specifies the manner in which multiple mask images applied to the same element are composited with one another.Mask images are composited in the opposite order that they are declared with the[`-webkit-mask-image`]33256 "The mask-image CSS property sets the image that is used as mask layer for an element.")property.


```
/* Keyword values */
-webkit-mask-composite: clear;
-webkit-mask-composite: copy;
-webkit-mask-composite: source-over;
-webkit-mask-composite: source-in;
-webkit-mask-composite: source-out;
-webkit-mask-composite: source-atop;
-webkit-mask-composite: destination-over;
-webkit-mask-composite: destination-in;
-webkit-mask-composite: destination-out;
-webkit-mask-composite: destination-atop;
-webkit-mask-composite: xor;

/* Global values */
-webkit-mask-composite: inherit;
-webkit-mask-composite: initial;
-webkit-mask-composite: unset;
```


There is a standardized[`mask-composite`]30939 "The mask-composite CSS property represents a compositing operation used on the current mask layer with the mask layers below it.")property covering parts of this non-standard property using different keywords.



[Initial value]28552 "") | `source-over` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`clear`</dt><dd>Overlapping pixels in the source mask image and the destination mask image are cleared.</dd><dt id=''>`copy`</dt><dd>The source mask image replaces the destination mask image.</dd><dt id=''>`source-over`</dt><dd>The source mask image is rendered over the destination mask image.</dd><dt id=''>`source-in`</dt><dd>Overlapping pixels in the source mask image and the destination mask image are replaced by the pixels of the source mask image; all other pixels are cleared.</dd><dt id=''>`source-out`</dt><dd>Overlapping pixels in the source mask image and the destination mask image are cleared; all remaining pixels of the source mask image are rendered.</dd><dt id=''>`source-atop`</dt><dd>The pixels of the destination mask image are rendered. The pixels of the source mask image are rendered only if they overlap a nontransparent portion of the destination mask image. This causes the source mask image to have no effect.</dd><dt id=''>`destination-over`</dt><dd>The destination mask image is rendered over the source mask image.</dd><dt id=''>`destination-in`</dt><dd>Overlapping pixels in the source mask image and the destination mask image remain the pixels of the destination mask image; all other pixels are cleared.</dd><dt id=''>`destination-out`</dt><dd>Overlapping pixels in the source mask image and the destination mask image are cleared; all remaining pixels of the source mask image are rendered.</dd><dt id=''>`destination-atop`</dt><dd>The pixels of the source mask image are rendered. The pixels of the destination mask image are rendered only if they overlap a nontransparent portion of the destination mask image. This causes the destination mask image to have no effect.</dd><dt id=''>`xor`</dt><dd>Overlapping pixels in the source mask image and the destination mask image become fully transparent if they are both fully opaque.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<composite-style> [, <composite-style> ]*where <composite-style> = clear | copy | source-over | source-in | source-out | source-atop | destination-over | destination-in | destination-out | destination-atop | xor
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
.example {
  -webkit-mask-image: url(mask1.png), url('mask2.png');
  -webkit-mask-composite: xor, source-over;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This property is specified as[`mask-composite`]30939 "The mask-composite CSS property represents a compositing operation used on the current mask layer with the mask layers below it.")using different values.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 1.0 | No support | No support | No support | 4.0 






