---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-orientation
---





The**`text-orientation`**[CSS]427 "")property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress.")is not`horizontal-tb`. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.


```
/* Keyword values */
text-orientation: mixed;
text-orientation: upright;
text-orientation: sideways-right;
text-orientation: sideways;
text-orientation: use-glyph-orientation;

/* Global values */
text-orientation: inherit;
text-orientation: initial;
text-orientation: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `mixed` 
Applies to | all elements, except table row groups, rows, column groups, and columns 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`text-orientation`property is specified as a single keyword from the list below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`mixed`</dt><dd>Rotates the characters of horizontal scripts 90° clockwise. Lays out the characters of vertical scripts naturally. Default value.</dd><dt id=''>`upright`</dt><dd>Lays out the characters of horizontal scripts naturally (upright), as well as the glyphs for vertical scripts. Note that this keyword causes all characters to be considered as left-to-right: the used value of[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow.")is forced to be`ltr`.</dd><dt id=''>`sideways`</dt><dd>Causes characters to be laid out as they would be horizontally, but with the whole line rotated 90° clockwise.</dd><dt id=''>`sideways-right`</dt><dd>An alias to`sideways`that is kept for compatibility purposes.</dd><dt id=''>`use-glyph-orientation`</dt><dd>On SVG elements, this keyword leads to use the value of the deprecated SVG properties`glyph-orientation-vertical`and`glyph-orientation-horizontal`.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
mixed | upright | sideways
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p>Lorem ipsum dolet semper quisquam.</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
p {
  writing-mode: vertical-rl;
  text-orientation: upright;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-orientation$samples/Examples?revision=1349750' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Writing Modes Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;text-orientation&#39; in that specification.</small>]32238 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
`sideways` | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The other vertical-script related CSS properties:[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`text-combine-upright`]32148 "The text-combine-upright CSS property specifies the combination of multiple characters into the space of a single character. If the combined text is wider than 1em, the user agent must fit the contents within 1em. The resulting composition is treated as a single upright glyph for layout and decoration. This property only has an effect in vertical writing modes."), and[`unicode-bidi`]29725 "The unicode-bidi CSS property, together with the direction property, determines how bidirectional text in a document is handled. For example, if a block of content contains both left-to-right and right-to-left text, the user-agent uses a complex Unicode algorithm to decide how to display the text. The unicode-bidi property overrides this algorithm and allows the developer to control the text embedding.").



