---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-left
---





The**`border-left`**[CSS]28350 "CSS")property is a shorthand that sets the values of[`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable."),[`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border."), and[`border-left-width`]28814 "The border-left-width CSS property sets the width of the left border of a box."). These properties describe an element&#39;s left[`border`]29117 "The border CSS property is a shorthand for setting all individual border property values in a single declaration: border-width, border-style, and border-color.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/border-left.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


The three values of the shorthand property can be specified in any order, and one or two of them may be omitted.



As with all shorthand properties,`border-left`always sets the values of all of the properties that it can set, even if they are not specified. It sets those that are not specified to their default values. This means that ...


```
border-left-style: dotted;
border-left: thick green;
```


... is actually the same as ...


```
border-left-style: dotted;
border-left: none thick green;
```


... and the value of[`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border.")given before`border-left`is ignored. Since the default value of[`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border.")is`none`, not specifying the border-style part results in no border.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
border-left: 1px;
border-left: 2px dotted;
border-left: medium dashed green;
```


The three values of the shorthand property can be specified in any order, and one or two of them may be omitted.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<br-width>`</dt><dd>See[`border-left-width`]28814 "The border-left-width CSS property sets the width of the left border of a box.").</dd><dt id=''>`<br-style>`</dt><dd>See[`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border.").</dd><dt id=''>`[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")`</dt><dd>See[`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable.").</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<br-width> || <br-style> || <color>where <br-width> = <length> | thin | medium | thick<br-style> = none | hidden | dotted | dashed | solid | double | groove | ridge | inset | outset<color> = <rgb()> | <rgba()> | <hsl()> | <hsla()> | <hex-color> | <named-color> | currentcolor | <deprecated-system-color>where <rgb()> = rgb( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<rgba()> = rgba( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<hsl()> = hsl( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )<hsla()> = hsla( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )where <alpha-value> = <number> | <percentage><hue> = <number> | <angle>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
<div>
  This box has a border on the left side.
</div>
```

```
div {
  border-left: 4px dashed blue;
  background-color: gold;
  height: 100px;
  width: 100px;
  font-weight: bold;
  text-align: center;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-left$samples/Example?revision=1352459' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Backgrounds and Borders Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-left&#39; in that specification.</small>]29058 "") | Candidate Recommendation | No direct changes, though the modification of values for the[`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable.")do apply to it. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-left&#39; in that specification.</small>]29059 "") | Recommendation | No significant changes. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-left&#39; in that specification.</small>]29060 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`border-left-width`]28814 "The border-left-width CSS property sets the width of the left border of a box."):`medium`
* [`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border."):`none`
* [`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable."):`currentcolor` 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables)."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`border-left-width`]28814 "The border-left-width CSS property sets the width of the left border of a box."): the absolute length or`0`if[`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border.")is`none`or`hidden`
* [`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border."): as specified
* [`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable."): computed color 
Animation type | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable."): a[color](%4569#Interpolation "Values of the <color> CSS data type are interpolated on each of their red, green, blue components, each handled as a real, floating-point number. Note that interpolation of colors happens in the alpha-premultiplied sRGBA color space to prevent unexpected grey colors to appear.")
* [`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border."): discrete
* [`border-left-width`]28814 "The border-left-width CSS property sets the width of the left border of a box."): a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.") 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



