---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-wrap-through
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-wrap-through`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies how content should wrap around an exclusion element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `wrap` 
Applies to | block-level elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`wrap`</dt><dd>

The exclusion element inherits its parent node&#39;s wrapping context. Its descendant inline content wraps around exclusions defined outside the element.

</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

The exclusion element does not inherit its parent node&#39;s wrapping context. Its descendants are only subject to exclusion shapes defined inside the element.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  wrap | none

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


You can use the`-ms-wrap-through`property to control the effect of exclusions; for instance, to cause one content block to wrap around an exclusion element and another to intersect the same exclusion element.



The wrapping context of a box is a collection of exclusion areas contributed by its associated exclusion boxes. The inline flow content of a box is placed in the area that corresponds to the subtraction of its wrapping context from its own content area. For more information about exclusion elements&#39; impact on content flow, see the[Terminology]37405 "")section of the CSS Exclusions Module Level 1 specification.




