---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Event/scoped
---





The read-only**`composed`**property of the[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events.")interface returns a[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")which indicates whether or not the event will propagate across the shadow DOM boundary into the standard DOM.



**Note**: This property was formerly named`scoped`.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var composed = Event.composed;
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")which is`true`if the event will cross from the shadow DOM into the standard DOM after reaching the shadow root (that is, the first node in the shadow DOM in which the event began to propagate). All UA-dispatched UI events are composed (click/touch/mouseover/copy/paste, etc.) — most other types of events are not composed and so will return`false`, for example synthetic events that have been created without their composed option being set to`true`.



Propagation only occurs if the[`bubbles`]5176 "The Event property bubbles indicates whether the event bubbles up through the DOM or not.")property is also`true`. You can determine the path the event will follow through the shadow root to the DOM root by calling[`composedPath()`]26721 "The composedPath() method of the Event interface returns the event’s path which is an array of the objects on which listeners will be invoked. This does not include nodes in shadow trees if the shadow root was created with its ShadowRoot.mode closed.").



If this value is`false`, the shadow root will be the last node to be offered the event.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


In our composed-composed-path example (see it live), we define two trivial custom elements,`<open-shadow>`and`<closed-shadow>`, both of which take the contents of their text attribute and insert them into the element&#39;s shadow DOM as the text content of a`<p>`element. The only difference between the two is that their shadow roots are attached with their modes set to`open`and`closed`respectively.



The first definition looks like this, for example:


```
customElements.define('open-shadow',
  class extends HTMLElement {
    constructor() {
      super();

      let pElem = document.createElement('p');
      pElem.textContent = this.getAttribute('text');

      let shadowRoot = this.attachShadow({mode: 'open'})
        .appendChild(pElem);

  }
});
```


We then insert one of each element into our page:


```
<open-shadow text="I have an open shadow root"></open-shadow>
<closed-shadow text="I have a closed shadow root"></closed-shadow>
```


Then include a click event listener on the`<html>`element:


```
document.querySelector('html').addEventListener('click',function(e) {
  console.log(e.composed);
  console.log(e.composedPath());
});
```


When you click on the`<open-shadow>`element and then the`<closed-shadow>`element, you&#39;ll notice two things. First, the`composed`property returns`true`beause the`click`event is always able to propagate across shadow boundaries. Second, you&#39;ll notice a difference in the value of`composedPath`for the two elements. The`<open-shadow>`element&#39;s composed path is this:


```
Array [ p, ShadowRoot, open-shadow, body, html, HTMLDocument https://mdn.github.io/web-components-examples/composed-composed-path/, Window ]
```


Whereas the`<closed-shadow>`element&#39;s composed path is a follows:


```
Array [ closed-shadow, body, html, HTMLDocument https://mdn.github.io/web-components-examples/composed-composed-path/, Window ]
```


In the second case, the event listeners only propagate as far as the`<closed-shadow>`element itself, but not to the nodes inside the shadow boundary.






## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[DOM<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;composed&#39; in that specification.</small>]26672 "") | Living Standard |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>




## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [API]22815 "")
* [composed]26722 "")
* [Event]26723 "")
* [Property]22824 "")
* [Read-only]23600 "")
* [Reference]22199 "")
* [scoped]26724 "")
* [shadow dom]26725 "")
* [Web Components]26726 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz]22202 ""),[jpmedley]22826 ""),[chrisdavidmills]22892 ""),[Sheppy]22371 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz]22202 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 3:46:04 AM</time>


