---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/GlobalEventHandlers/onpointermove
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]27269 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]8848 "")版。</bdi>






A[`global event handler`]26359 "The GlobalEventHandlers mixin describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, or Window. Each of these interfaces can, of course, add more event handlers in addition to the ones listed below.")for the`[pointermove]8849 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/pointermove")`event.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var moveHandler = targetElement.onpointermove;

```

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`moveHandler`</dt><dd>The*pointermove*event handler for element`targetElement`.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example shows two ways to use*onpointermove*to set an element&#39;s*pointermove*event handler.


```
<html>
<script>
function moveHandler(ev) {
 // Process the pointermove event
}
function init() {
 var el=document.getElementById("target1");
 el.onpointermove = moveHandler;
}
</script>
<body onload="init();">
<div id="target1"> Touch me ... </div>
<div id="target2" onpointermove="moveHandler(event)"> Touch me ... </div>
</body>
</html>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Pointer Events – Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;onpointermove&#39; in that specification.</small>]27270 "") | Working Draft | Non-stable version 
[Pointer Events<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;onpointermove&#39; in that specification.</small>]27271 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 35<sup>[1]</sup> | [59]17090 "Released on undefined.")(59) | 10[-ms]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-ms' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>11 | ? | No support 





[1] This was implemented in[bug 248918]26516 "").



[2] Supported behind the preference`dom.w3c_pointer_events.enabled`, defaulting to`false`.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* `[pointermove]8849 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/pointermove")`



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [GlobalEventHandlers]27272 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [PointerEvent]26609 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[AFBarstow]6896 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 9:50:51 AM</time>


