---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-tree-cell
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





Activated by the`properties`attribute.


## Associated elements<a name="Associated_elements"></a>

* `[treecell]36912 "treecell")`

## Style properties<a name="Style_properties"></a>

* [`background`]28694 "The CSS background shorthand property lets you adjust all of the available background style options at once, including color image, origin and size, repeat method, and other features.")
* [`border`]29117 "The border CSS property is a shorthand property for setting all individual border property values at once: border-width, border-style, and border-color. As with all shorthand properties, any individual value that is not specified is set to its corresponding initial value. Importantly, border cannot be used to specify a custom value for border-image, but instead sets it to its initial value, i.e., none.")
* [`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand that sets all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left.")
* [`outline`]31389 "The outline CSS property is a shorthand property for setting one or more of the individual outline properties outline-style, outline-width, and outline-color in a single declaration.")
* [`padding`]29242 "The padding CSS property sets the padding area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand that sets all individual paddings at once: padding-top, padding-right, padding-bottom, and padding-left.")
* [`visibility`]35131 "The visibility CSS property can show or hide an element without affecting the layout of a document (i.e., space is created for elements regardless of whether they are visible or not). The property can also hide rows or columns in a <table>.")

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Styling a Tree]36913 "")



