---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/inheritance
---





In CSS,**inheritance**controls what happens when no value is specified for a property on an element. Refer to[any CSS property]28731 "en/CSS_Reference")definition to see whether a specific property inherits by default (&quot;Inherited: yes&quot;) or not (&quot;Inherited: no&quot;).


## Inherited properties<a name="Inherited_properties"></a>


When no value for an**inherited property**has been specified on an element, the element gets the[computed value]32830 "en/CSS/computed_value")of that property on its parent element. Only the root element of the document gets the[initial value]32831 "en/CSS/initial_value")given in the property&#39;s summary.



A typical example of an inherited property is the[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")property. Given the style rules:


```
p { color: green; }
```


... and the markup:


```
<p>This paragraph has <em>emphasized text</em> in it.</p>
```


... the words &quot;emphasized text&quot; will appear green, since the`em`element has inherited the value of the[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")property from the`p`element. It does*not*get the initial value of the property (which is the color that is used for the root element when the page specifies no color).


## Non-inherited properties<a name="Non-inherited_properties"></a>


When no value for a**non-inherited property**has been specified on an element, the element gets the[initial value]32831 "en/CSS/initial_value")of that property (as specified in the property&#39;s summary).



A typical example of a non-inherited property is the[`border`]29117 "The border CSS property is a shorthand for setting all individual border property values in a single declaration: border-width, border-style, and border-color.")property. Given the style rules:


```
p { border: medium solid; }
```


... and the markup:


```
<p>This paragraph has <em>emphasized text</em> in it.</p>
```


... the words &quot;emphasized text&quot; will not have a border (since the initial value of[`border-style`]28815 "The border-style CSS property is a shorthand property that sets the line style for all four sides of an element's border.")is`none`).


## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>


The[`inherit`]31809 "The inherit CSS keyword causes the element for which it is specified to take the computed value of the property from its parent element. It can be applied to any CSS property, including the CSS shorthand all.")keyword allows authors to explicitly specify inheritance. It works on both inherited and non-inherited properties.



You can control inheritance for all properties at once using the[`all`]29726 "The all CSS shorthand property sets all of an element's properties (other than unicode-bidi and direction) to their initial or inherited values, or to the values specified in another stylesheet origin.")shorthand property, which applies its value to all properties. For example:


```
font: {
  all: revert;
  font-size: 200%;
  font-weight: bold;
}
```


This reverts the style of the[`font`]23656 "The font CSS property is either a shorthand property for setting font-style, font-variant, font-weight, font-size, line-height, and font-family; or a way to set the element's font to a system font, using specific keywords.")property to the user agent&#39;s default unless a user stylesheet exists, in which case that is used instead. Then it doubles the font size and applies a[`font-weight`]31392 "The font-weight CSS property specifies the weight (or boldness) of the font. The font weights available to you will depend on the font-family you are using. Some fonts are only available in normal and bold.")of`"bold"`.


## See also<a name="See_Also"></a>

* Controlling inheritance:[`inherit`]31809 "The inherit CSS keyword causes the element for which it is specified to take the computed value of the property from its parent element. It can be applied to any CSS property, including the CSS shorthand all."),[`initial`]31805 "The initial CSS keyword applies the initial (or default) value of a property to an element. It can be applied to any CSS property."),[`unset`]31808 "The unset CSS keyword resets a property to its inherited value if it inherits from its parent, and to its initial value if not. In other words, it behaves like the inherit keyword in the first case, and like the initial keyword in the second case. It can be applied to any CSS property, including the CSS shorthand all."), and[`revert`]31804 "The revert CSS keyword rolls back the cascade so that a property takes on the value it would have had if there were no styles in the current style origin (author, user, or user-agent). Thus, it resets the property to the default value established by the user-agent stylesheet (or by user styles, if any exist). It can be applied to any CSS property, including the CSS shorthand all.")
* [Introducing the CSS cascade]32903 "")
* [Cascade and inheritance]32904 "")
* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax]32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule]4443 "At-rule"),[comments]32858 "Comments"),[specificity]31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance]28555 "inheritance"), the[box]32859 "Box model"),[layout modes]32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models]32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing]30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial]28552 "initial value"),[computed]28556 "computed value"),[resolved]32862 "resolved value"),[specified]32863 "specified value"),[used]32864 "used value"), and[actual]32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax]28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties]28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements]28752 "Replaced element").



