---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/computed_value
---






The**computed value**of a[CSS](%427 "")property is the value that is transferred from parent to child during inheritance.It is calculated from the[specified value](%32863 "")by:


1. Handling the special values[`inherit`](%31809 "The inherit CSS keyword causes the element for which it is specified to take the computed value of the property from its parent element. It can be applied to any CSS property, including the CSS shorthand all."),[`initial`](%31805 "The initial CSS keyword applies the initial value of a property to an element. It can be applied to any CSS property, including the CSS shorthand all."),[`unset`](%31808 "The unset CSS keyword resets a property to its inherited value if it inherits from its parent, and to its initial value if not. In other words, it behaves like the inherit keyword in the first case, and like the initial keyword in the second case. It can be applied to any CSS property, including the CSS shorthand all."), and[`revert`](%31804 "The revert CSS keyword rolls back the cascade so that a property takes on the value it would have had if there were no styles in the current style origin (author, user, or user-agent). Thus, it resets the property to the default value established by the user-agent stylesheet (or by user styles, if any exist). It can be applied to any CSS property, including the CSS shorthand all.").
1. Doing the computation needed to reach the value described in the &quot;Computed value&quot; line in the property&#39;s definition table.


The computation needed to reach a property&#39;s computed value typically involves converting relative values (such as those in`em`units or percentages) to absolute values. For example, if an element has specified values`font-size: 16px`and`padding-top: 2em`, then the computed value of`padding-top`is`32px`(double the font size).



However, for some properties (those where percentages are relative to something that may require layout to determine, such as`width`,`margin-right`,`text-indent`, and`top`), percentage-specified values turn into percentage-computed values. Additionally, unitless numbers specified on the`line-height`property become the computed value, as specified. The relative values that remain in the computed value become absolute when the[used value](%32864 "")is determined.



**Note:**The[`getComputedStyle()`](%33777 "The Window.getComputedStyle() method gives the values of all the CSS properties of an element after applying the active stylesheets and resolving any basic computation those values may contain.")DOM API returns the[resolved value](%32862 ""), which may either be the[computed value](%28556 "")or the[used value](%32864 ""), depending on the property.



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;computed value&#39; in that specification.</small>](%33778 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`window.getComputedStyle`](%33777 "The Window.getComputedStyle() method gives the values of all the CSS properties of an element after applying the active stylesheets and resolving any basic computation those values may contain.")
* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax](%32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule](%4443 "At-rule"),[comments](%32858 "Comments"),[specificity](%31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance](%28555 "inheritance"), the[box](%32859 "Box model"),[layout modes](%32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models](%32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing](%30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial](%28552 "initial value"),[computed](%28556 "computed value"),[resolved](%32862 "resolved value"),[specified](%32863 "specified value"),[used](%32864 "used value"), and[actual](%32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax](%28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties](%28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements](%28752 "Replaced element").



