---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/minNum
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46151 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42548 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.minNum()`**method returns a new instance with the minimum lane values of two SIMD types ([`Math.min(a, b)`]41534 "The static function Math.min() returns the lowest-valued number passed into it, or NaN if any parameter isn't a number and can't be converted into one.")) preferring numbers over[`NaN`]22328 "The global NaN property is a value representing Not-A-Number.").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.minNum(a, b)
SIMD.Float64x2.minNum(a, b)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>a</dt><dd>An instance of a SIMD type.</dd><dt id=''>`b`</dt><dd>Another instance of a SIMD type.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A new corresponding SIMD data type with the minimum lane values of`a`and`b`([`Math.min(a, b)`]41534 "The static function Math.min() returns the lowest-valued number passed into it, or NaN if any parameter isn't a number and can't be converted into one.")).


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The`SIMD.%type%.minNum()`method returns a new instance with the minimum lane values of two SIMD types ([`Math.min(a, b)`]41534 "The static function Math.min() returns the lowest-valued number passed into it, or NaN if any parameter isn't a number and can't be converted into one.")).



This method prefers numbers over[`NaN`]22328 "The global NaN property is a value representing Not-A-Number."). The[`SIMD.%type%.min`]42547 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")method prefers[`NaN`]22328 "The global NaN property is a value representing Not-A-Number.")over numbers.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var a = SIMD.Float32x4(-1, -2, 3, 5.2);
var b = SIMD.Float32x4(0, -4, 6, 5.5);
SIMD.Float32x4.minNum(a, b);
// Float32x4[-1, -4, 3, 5.2]

var c = SIMD.Float64x2(NaN, Infinity)
var d = SIMD.Float64x2(1337, 42);
SIMD.Float64x2.minNum(c, d);
// Float64x2[1337, 42]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.minNum&#39; in that specification.</small>]46152 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



