---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Coordinates/longitude
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]23949 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]23950 "")版。</bdi>






**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers](%5090#Browser_compatibility "").





The[`Coordinates`]23946 "The Coordinates interface represents the position and altitude of the device on Earth, as well as the accuracy with which these properties are calculated.")interface&#39;s read-only`**longitude**`property is a double-precision floating point value which represents the longitude of a geographical position, specified in decimal degrees. Together with a[`DOMTimeStamp`]6682 "The DOMTimeStamp type represents an absolute or relative number of milliseconds, depending on the specification in which it appears.")indicating a time of measurement, the`Coordinates`object is part of the[`Position`]23952 "The Position interface represents the position of the concerned device at a given time. The position, represented by a Coordinates object, comprehends the 2D position of the device, on a spheroid representing the Earth, but also its altitude and its speed.")interface which is the object type returned by Geolocation API functions that obtain and return a geographical position.



For the safety and security of users, geolocation information is only available in secure contexts (that is, HTTPS sessions).


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
longitude = coordinates.longitude

```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


The value in`longitude`is the geographical longitude of the location on Earth described by the`Coordinates`object, in decimal degrees. The value is defined by the World Geodetic System 1984 specification (WGS 84).



It may be worth noting that the zero meridian (also known as the prime meridian or the reference meridian) is not precisely the same as the Greenwhich meridian that most people think of. It is, instead, the[IERS Reference Meridian]23953 "IERS Reference Meridian"), which is located 5.3[arcseconds]23954 "arcseconds")(102 meters / 335 feet) east of the[Greenwich meridian]23955 "Greenwich meridian"). This is the same standard used by the[Global Positioning System]23956 "Global Positioning System")(GPS).



## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In this simple example, we fetch the user&#39;s location and display the resulting coordinates once they&#39;re returned.


### JavaScript<a name="JavaScript"></a>


The JavaScript code below creates an event listener so that when the user clicks on a button, the location information is retrieved and displayed.


```
let button = document.getElementById("get-location");
let latText = document.getElementById("latitude");
let longText = document.getElementById("longitude");

button.addEventListener("click", function() {
  navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition(function(position) {
    let lat = position.coords.latitude;
    let long = position.coords.longitude;

    latText.innerText = lat.toFixed(2);
    longText.innerText = long.toFixed(2);
  });
});
```


After setting up variables to more conveniently reference the button element and the two elements into which the latitude and logitude will be drawn, the event listener is established by calling[`addEventListener()`]15701 "The EventTarget.addEventListener() method adds the specified EventListener-compatible object to the list of event listeners for the specified event type on the EventTarget on which it is called. The event target may be an Element in a document, the Document itself, a Window, or any other object that supports events (such as XMLHttpRequest).")on the[`<button>`]23957 "The HTML <button> element represents a clickable button, which can be used in forms, or anywhere in a document that needs simple, standard button functionality.")element. When the user clicks the button, we&#39;ll fetch and display the location information.



Upon receiving a`[click]359 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/click")`event, we call[`getCurrentPosition()`]23958 "The Geolocation.getCurrentPosition() method is used to get the current position of the device.")to request the device&#39;s current position. This is an asynchronous request, so we provide a callback which receives as in put a[`Position`]23952 "The Position interface represents the position of the concerned device at a given time. The position, represented by a Coordinates object, comprehends the 2D position of the device, on a spheroid representing the Earth, but also its altitude and its speed.")object describing the determined position.



From the`Position`object, we obtain the user&#39;s latitude and longitude using[`position.coords.latitude`]23943 "The Coordinates.latitude read-only property is a double representing the latitude of the position in decimal degrees.")and`position.coords.longitude`so we can update the displayed coordinates. The two[`<span>`]13247 "The HTML <span> element is a generic inline container for phrasing content, which does not inherently represent anything. It can be used to group elements for styling purposes (using the class or id attributes), or because they share attribute values, such as lang.")elements are updated to display the corresponding values after being converted to a value with two decimal places.


### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>


The HTML used to present the results looks like this:


```
<p>
  Your location is <span id="latitude">0.00</span>°
  latitude by <span id="longitude">0.00</span>° longitude.
</p>
<button id="get-location">
  Get My Location
</button>
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


Take this example for a test drive here:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Coordinates/longitude$samples/Example?revision=1285829' width='600' height='120'></iframe>




For more examples, see[Using geolocation]23959 "").


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Geolocation API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Coordinates.longitude&#39; in that specification.</small>]23960 "") | Recommendation | Initial specification. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 5 | (Yes) | [3.5]3393 "Released on 2009-06-30.")(1.9.1) | 9 | 10.60<br></br>Removed in 15.0<br></br>Reintroduced in 16.0 | 5 
Secure context-only | 47 | ? | [55]18953 "Released on 2017-08-08.")(55) | No support | (Yes) | (Yes) 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using geolocation]5098 "")
* The[`Coordinates`]23946 "The Coordinates interface represents the position and altitude of the device on Earth, as well as the accuracy with which these properties are calculated.")interface it belongs to.
* The[`Position`]23952 "The Position interface represents the position of the concerned device at a given time. The position, represented by a Coordinates object, comprehends the 2D position of the device, on a spheroid representing the Earth, but also its altitude and its speed.")interface, which is the top-level interface used to return geolocation data from the Geolocation API functions[`Geolocation.getCurrentPosition()`]23958 "The Geolocation.getCurrentPosition() method is used to get the current position of the device.")and[`watchPosition()`]23961 "The Geolocation method watchPosition() method is used to register a handler function that will be called automatically each time the position of the device changes. You can also, optionally, specify an error handling callback function.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Coordinates]23947 "")
* [Geolocation]23962 "")
* [Geolocation API]5099 "")
* [Global Positioning System]23963 "")
* [GPS]23964 "")
* [longitude]23965 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Read-only]23513 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Secure context]15577 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[tregagnon]4807 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Aug 9, 2017, 9:38:30 AM</time>


