---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WebAssembly/instantiateStreaming
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46524 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]44974 "")版。</bdi>






The**`WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming()`**function compiles and instantiates a WebAssembly module directly from a streamed underlying source. This is the most efficient, optimized way to load wasm code.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
Promise<ResultObject> WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming(source, importObject);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>*source*</dt><dd>A[`Response`]14255 "The Response interface of the Fetch API represents the response to a request.")object or a promise that will fulfill with one, representing the underlying source of a .wasm module you want to stream, compile, and instantiate.</dd><dt id=''>*importObject*Optional</dt><dd>An object containing the values to be imported into the newly-created`Instance`, such as functions or[`WebAssembly.Memory`]44237 "The WebAssembly.Memory() constructor creates a new Memory object which is a resizable ArrayBuffer that holds the raw bytes of memory accessed by a WebAssembly Instance.")objects. There must be one matching property for each declared import of the compiled module or else a[WebAssembly.LinkError]44958 "")is thrown.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A`Promise`that resolves to a`ResultObject`which contains two fields:


* `module`: A[`WebAssembly.Module`]42784 "All Module instances inherit from the Module() constructor's prototype object — this can be modified to affect all Module instances.")object representing the compiled WebAssembly module. This`Module`can be instantiated again, shared via[postMessage()]24329 "")or[cached in IndexedDB]44946 "").
* `instance`: A[`WebAssembly.Instance`]42785 "A WebAssembly.Instance object is a stateful, executable instance of a WebAssembly.Module.  Instance objects contain all the Exported WebAssembly functions that allow calling into WebAssembly code from JavaScript.")object that contains all the[Exported WebAssembly functions]42786 "").

### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>

* If either of the parameters are not of the correct type or structure, a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")is thrown.
* If the operation fails, the promise rejects with a[`WebAssembly.CompileError`]44976 "The WebAssembly.CompileError() constructor creates a new WebAssembly CompileError object, which indicates an error during WebAssembly decoding or validation."),[`WebAssembly.LinkError`]44958 "The WebAssembly.LinkError() constructor creates a new WebAssembly LinkError object, which indicates an error during module instantiation (besides traps from the start function)."), or[`WebAssembly.RuntimeError`]44977 "The WebAssembly.RuntimeError() constructor creates a new WebAssembly RuntimeError object — the type that is thrown whenever WebAssembly specifies a trap."), depending on the cause of the failure.

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following example (see our[instantiate-streaming.html]46525 "")demo on GitHub, and[view it live]46526 "")also) directly streams a .wasm module from an underlying source then compiles and instantiates it, the promise fulfilling with a`ResultObject`. Because the`instantiateStreaming()`function accepts a promise for a[`Response`]14255 "The Response interface of the Fetch API represents the response to a request.")object, you can directly pass it a[`WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope.fetch()`]3356 "The fetch() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin starts the process of fetching a resource from the network. This returns a promise that resolves to the Response object representing the response to your request.")call, and it will pass the response into the function when it fulfills.


```
var importObject = { imports: { imported_func: arg => console.log(arg) } };

WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming(fetch('simple.wasm'), importObject)
.then(obj => obj.instance.exports.exported_func());
```


The`ResultObject`&#39;s instance member is then accessed, and the contained exported function invoked.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[WebAssembly features for web embedding<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;instantiateStreaming()&#39; in that specification.</small>]46527 "") | Draft | Initial draft definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebAssembly]21620 "")overview page
* [WebAssembly concepts]42803 "")
* [Using the WebAssembly JavaScript API]42804 "")



