---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WebAssembly/compileStreaming
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46515 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]44972 "")版。</bdi>






The**`WebAssembly.compileStreaming()`**function compiles a[`WebAssembly.Module`]42784 "All Module instances inherit from the Module() constructor's prototype object — this can be modified to affect all Module instances.")directly from a streamed underlying source. This function is useful if it is necessary to a compile a module before it can be instantiated (otherwise, the[`WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming()`]44974 "The WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming() function compiles and instantiates a WebAssembly module directly from a streamed underlying source. This is the most efficient, optimized way to load wasm code.")function should be used).


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
Promise<WebAssembly.Module> WebAssembly.compileStreaming(source);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>*source*</dt><dd>A[`Response`]14255 "The Response interface of the Fetch API represents the response to a request.")object or a promise that will fulfill with one, representing the underlying source of a .wasm module you want to stream and compile.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A`Promise`that resolves to a[`WebAssembly.Module`]42784 "All Module instances inherit from the Module() constructor's prototype object — this can be modified to affect all Module instances.")object representing the compiled module.


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>

* If`bufferSource`is not a[typed array]3683 ""), a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")is thrown.
* If compilation fails, the promise rejects with a[`WebAssembly.CompileError`]44976 "The WebAssembly.CompileError() constructor creates a new WebAssembly CompileError object, which indicates an error during WebAssembly decoding or validation.").

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following example (see our[compile-streaming.html]46516 "")demo on GitHub, and[view it live]46517 "")also) directly streams a .wasm module from an underlying source then compiles it to a[`WebAssembly.Module`]42784 "All Module instances inherit from the Module() constructor's prototype object — this can be modified to affect all Module instances.")object. Because the`compileStreaming()`function accepts a promise for a[`Response`]14255 "The Response interface of the Fetch API represents the response to a request.")object, you can directly pass it a[`WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope.fetch()`]3356 "The fetch() method of the WindowOrWorkerGlobalScope mixin starts the process of fetching a resource from the network. This returns a promise that resolves to the Response object representing the response to your request.")call, and it will pass the response into the function when it fulfills.


```
var importObject = { imports: { imported_func: arg => console.log(arg) } };

WebAssembly.compileStreaming(fetch('simple.wasm'))
.then(module => WebAssembly.instantiate(module, importObject))
.then(instance => instance.exports.exported_func());
```


The resulting module instance is then instantiated using[`WebAssembly.instantiate()`]44973 "The WebAssembly.instantiate() function allows you to compile and instantiate WebAssembly code.  This function has two overloads:"), and the exported function invoked.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[WebAssembly features for web embedding<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;compileStreaming()&#39; in that specification.</small>]46518 "") | Draft | Initial draft definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebAssembly]21620 "")overview page
* [WebAssembly concepts]42803 "")
* [Using the WebAssembly JavaScript API]42804 "")



