---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioScheduledSourceNode/start
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22792 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3962 "")版。</bdi>






The`start()`method on[`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.")schedules a sound to begin playback at the specified time. If no time is specified, then the sound begins playing immediately.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
AudioScheduledSourceNode.start([when [, offset [, duration]]]);

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters_2"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`when`Optional</dt><dd>The time, in seconds, at which the sound should begin to play. This value is specified in the same time coordinate system as the[`AudioContext`]3818 "The AudioContext interface represents an audio-processing graph built from audio modules linked together, each represented by an AudioNode. An audio context controls both the creation of the nodes it contains and the execution of the audio processing, or decoding. You need to create an AudioContext before you do anything else, as everything happens inside a context.")is using for its[`currentTime`]3946 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")attribute. A value of 0 (or omitting the`when`parameter entirely) causes the sound to start playback immediately.</dd><dt id=''>`offset`Optional</dt><dd>A floating-point number indicating the offset, in seconds, into the audio buffer where playback should begin. If 0 is passed then the playback will start from the beginning.</dd><dt id=''>`duration`Optional</dt><dd>A floating-point number indicating the duration, in seconds, to be played. If no value is passed then the duration will be equal to the length of the audio buffer minus the offset value</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


[`undefined`]14139 "The global undefined property represents the primitive value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.")


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`TypeError`</dt><dd>The value specified for`when`is negative.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


tbd


## Specifications<a name="Parameters"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;start()&#39; in that specification.</small>]22793 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3811 "")
* [`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.")
* [`AudioBufferSourceNode`]3873 "The AudioBufferSourceNode interface is an AudioScheduledSourceNode which represents an audio source consisting of in-memory audio data, stored in an AudioBuffer. It's especially useful for playing back audio which has particularly stringent timing accuracy requirements, such as for sounds that must match a specific rhythm and can be kept in memory rather than being played from disk or the network.")
* [`ConstantSourceNode`]3966 "The ConstantSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—represents an audio source (based upon AudioScheduledSourceNode) whose output is single unchanging value. This makes it useful for cases in which you need a constant value coming in from an audio source. In addition, it can be used like a constructible AudioParam by automating the value of its offset or by connecting another node to it; see Controlling multiple parameters with ConstantSourceNode.")
* [`OscillatorNode`]3965 "The OscillatorNode interface represents a periodic waveform, such as a sine wave. It is an AudioScheduledSourceNode audio-processing module that causes a specified frequency of a given wave to be created—in effect, a constant tone.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [AudioScheduledSoundNOde]22794 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Node]4842 "")
* [play]22638 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [sound]3973 "")
* [start]22795 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[nbriz]22796 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Oct 12, 2017, 5:49:15 AM</time>


