---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioBufferSourceNode/loopStart
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22802 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14136 "")版。</bdi>






The`loopStart`property of the[`AudioBufferSourceNode`]3873 "The AudioBufferSourceNode interface is an AudioScheduledSourceNode which represents an audio source consisting of in-memory audio data, stored in an AudioBuffer. It's especially useful for playing back audio which has particularly stringent timing accuracy requirements, such as for sounds that must match a specific rhythm and can be kept in memory rather than being played from disk or the network.")interface is a floating-point value indicating, in seconds, where in the[`AudioBuffer`]3836 "Objects of these types are designed to hold small audio snippets, typically less than 45 s. For longer sounds, objects implementing the MediaElementAudioSourceNode are more suitable. The buffer contains data in the following format:  non-interleaved IEEE754 32-bit linear PCM with a nominal range between -1 and +1, that is, 32bits floating point buffer, with each samples between -1.0 and 1.0. If the AudioBuffer has multiple channels, they are stored in separate buffer.")the restart of the play must happen.




The`loopStart`property&#39;s default value is`0`.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
AudioBufferSourceNode.loopStart = startOffsetInSeconds;

startOffsetInSeconds = AudioBufferSourceNode.loopStart;

```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A floating-point number indicating the offset, in seconds, into the audio buffer at which each loop should begin during playback. This value is only used when the[`loop`]14134 "The loop property's default value is false.")parameter is`true`.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In this example, the[`AudioContext.decodeAudioData()`]3948 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")function is used to decode an audio track and put it into an[`AudioBufferSourceNode`]3873 "The AudioBufferSourceNode interface is an AudioScheduledSourceNode which represents an audio source consisting of in-memory audio data, stored in an AudioBuffer. It's especially useful for playing back audio which has particularly stringent timing accuracy requirements, such as for sounds that must match a specific rhythm and can be kept in memory rather than being played from disk or the network."). Buttons are provided to play and stop the audio playback, and slider controls are used to change the`playbackRate`,`loopStart`, and`loopEnd`properties on the fly.



When the audio is played to the end, it loops, but you can control how long the loops last by altering`loopStart`and`loopEnd`. For example, if you set their values to 20 and 25, respectively, the audio will start to loop between 20 and 25 seconds in to the track.



For a full working example, see[this code running live]22803 ""), or[view the source]22804 "").



```
function getData() {
  source = audioCtx.createBufferSource();
  request = new XMLHttpRequest();

  request.open('GET', 'viper.ogg', true);
  request.responseType = 'arraybuffer';

  request.onload = function() {
    var audioData = request.response;

    audioCtx.decodeAudioData(audioData, function(buffer) {
        myBuffer = buffer;
        songLength = buffer.duration;
        source.buffer = myBuffer;
        source.playbackRate.value = playbackControl.value;
        source.connect(audioCtx.destination);
        source.loop = true;

        loopstartControl.setAttribute('max', Math.floor(songLength));
        loopendControl.setAttribute('max', Math.floor(songLength));
      },

      function(e){"Error with decoding audio data" + e.err});

  }

  request.send();
}

  ...

loopstartControl.oninput = function() {
  source.loopStart = loopstartControl.value;
  loopstartValue.innerHTML = loopstartControl.value;
}

loopendControl.oninput = function() {
  source.loopEnd = loopendControl.value;
  loopendValue.innerHTML = loopendControl.value;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;loopStart&#39; in that specification.</small>]22805 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Audio API]417 "")
* [Using the Web Audio API]3743 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [AudioBufferSourceNode]22791 "")
* [loopStart]22806 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [sound]3973 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[jzwood]22807 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[jzwood]22807 ""),<time>Jan 9, 2018, 9:42:48 PM</time>


