---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioBufferSourceNode/loopEnd
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22808 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14135 "")版。</bdi>






The`loopEnd`property of the[`AudioBufferSourceNode`]3873 "The AudioBufferSourceNode interface is an AudioScheduledSourceNode which represents an audio source consisting of in-memory audio data, stored in an AudioBuffer. It's especially useful for playing back audio which has particularly stringent timing accuracy requirements, such as for sounds that must match a specific rhythm and can be kept in memory rather than being played from disk or the network.")interface specifies is a floating point number specifying, in seconds, at what offset into playing the[`AudioBuffer`]3836 "Objects of these types are designed to hold small audio snippets, typically less than 45 s. For longer sounds, objects implementing the MediaElementAudioSourceNode are more suitable. The buffer contains data in the following format:  non-interleaved IEEE754 32-bit linear PCM with a nominal range between -1 and +1, that is, 32bits floating point buffer, with each samples between -1.0 and 1.0. If the AudioBuffer has multiple channels, they are stored in separate buffer.")playback should loop back to the time indicated by the[`loopStart`]14136 "The loopStart property's default value is 0.")property. This is only used if the[`loop`]14134 "The loop property's default value is false.")property is`true`.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
AudioBufferSourceNode.loopEnd = endOffsetInSeconds;

var endOffsetInSeconds = AudioBufferSourceNode.loopEnd;

```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A floating-point number indicating the offset, in seconds, into the audio buffer at which each loop will loop return to the beginning of the loop (that is, the current play time gets reset to[`AudioBufferSourceNode.loopStart`]14136 "The loopStart property's default value is 0.")). This property is only used if the[`loop`]14134 "The loop property's default value is false.")property is`true`.



The default value is 0.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In this example, the[`AudioContext.decodeAudioData()`]3948 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")function is used to decode an audio track and put it into an[`AudioBufferSourceNode`]3873 "The AudioBufferSourceNode interface is an AudioScheduledSourceNode which represents an audio source consisting of in-memory audio data, stored in an AudioBuffer. It's especially useful for playing back audio which has particularly stringent timing accuracy requirements, such as for sounds that must match a specific rhythm and can be kept in memory rather than being played from disk or the network."). Buttons are provided to play and stop the audio playback, and slider controls are used to change the`playbackRate`,`loopStart`and`loopEnd`properties on the fly.



When the audio is played to the end, it loops, but you can control how long the loops last by altering`loopStart`and`loopEnd`. For example, if you set their values to 20 and 25, respectively, then begin playback, the sound will play normally until it reaches the 25 second mark. Then the current play position will loop back to the 20 second mark and continue playing until the 25 second mark, ad infinitum (or at least until[`stop()`]22809 "The stop() method on AudioScheduledSourceNode schedules a sound to cease playback at the specified time. If no time is specified, then the sound stops playing immediately.")is called).



For a full working example, see[this code running live]22760 ""), or[view the source]22761 "").



```
function getData() {
  source = audioCtx.createBufferSource();
  request = new XMLHttpRequest();

  request.open('GET', 'viper.ogg', true);

  request.responseType = 'arraybuffer';


  request.onload = function() {
    var audioData = request.response;

    audioCtx.decodeAudioData(audioData, function(buffer) {
        myBuffer = buffer;
        songLength = buffer.duration;
        source.buffer = myBuffer;
        source.playbackRate.value = playbackControl.value;
        source.connect(audioCtx.destination);
        source.loop = true;

        loopstartControl.setAttribute('max', Math.floor(songLength));
        loopendControl.setAttribute('max', Math.floor(songLength));
      },

      function(e){"Error with decoding audio data" + e.err});

  }

  request.send();
}

  ...

loopstartControl.oninput = function() {
  source.loopStart = loopstartControl.value;
  loopstartValue.innerHTML = loopstartControl.value;
}

loopendControl.oninput = function() {
  source.loopEnd = loopendControl.value;
  loopendValue.innerHTML = loopendControl.value;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;loopEnd&#39; in that specification.</small>]22810 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Audio API]417 "")
* [Using the Web Audio API]3743 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [AudioBufferSourceNode]22791 "")
* [loopEnd]22811 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [sound]3973 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Oct 10, 2017, 2:54:46 AM</time>


