---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/EventHandler
---





The Web platform provides several ways to get notified of[DOM events](%22827 ""). Two common styles are: the generalized[`addEventListener()`](%15701 "The EventTarget method addEventListener() sets up a function to be called whenever the specified event is delivered to the target.")and a set of specific<em>**on-event**</em>handlers.This page focuses on the details of how the latter work.


### Registering<em>on-event</em>handlers<a name="Registering_on-event_handlers"></a>


The<em>**on-event**</em>handlers are a group of properties offered by DOM elements to help manage how that element reacts to events. Elements can be interactive (e.g. links, buttons, images, forms) or non-interactive (e.g. the base document). Events are the actions like being clicked, detecting pressed keys, getting focus, etc. The on-event handler is usually named according to the event it is designed to react to, such as`onclick`,`onkeypress`,`onfocus`, etc.



You can specify an`on<...>`event handler for a particular event (such as`[click](%359 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/click")`) for a given object in different ways:


* Using an HTML[attribute](%22828 "attribute: An attribute extends a tag, changing its behavior or providing metadata. An attribute always has the form name=value (the attribute's identifier followed by its associated value).")named`on<em>{eventtype}</em>`on an element, for example:<br></br>`<button<u>onclick=&quot;return handleClick(event);&quot;</u>>`,
* Or by setting the corresponding[property](%22829 "property: A JavaScript property is a characteristic of an object, often describing attributes associated with a data structure.")from JavaScript, for example:<br></br>`document.getElementById("mybutton")<u>.onclick = function(event) { ... }</u>`.


Note that each object can have**only one**<em>on-event</em>handler for a given event (though that handler could call multiple sub-handlers). This is why[`addEventListener()`](%15701 "The EventTarget method addEventListener() sets up a function to be called whenever the specified event is delivered to the target.")is often the better way to get notified of events, especially when wishing to apply various event handlers independently from each other, even for the same event and/or to the same element.



Also note that<em>on-event</em>handlers are called automatically, not at the programmer&#39;s will (although you can, like`mybutton.onclick(myevent); )`since they serve more as placeholders to which a real handler function can be**assigned**.


### Non-element objects<a name="Non-element_objects"></a>


Event handlers can also be set using properties on many non-element objects that generate events, including[`window`](%13757 "The window object represents a window containing a DOM document; the document property points to the DOM document loaded in that window."),[`document`](%11711 "The Document interface represents any web page loaded in the browser and serves as an entry point into the web page's content, which is the DOM tree.{{domxref("HTMLElement")}}"),[`XMLHttpRequest`](%14224 "Use XMLHttpRequest (XHR) objects to interact with servers. You can retrieve data from a URL without having to do a full page refresh. This enables a Web page to update just part of a page without disrupting what the user is doing."), and others, for example:


```
xhr.onprogress = function() { ... }
```

## Details<a name="Details"></a>

### The value of HTML on&lt;...&gt; attributes and corresponding JavaScript properties<a name="The_value_of_HTML_on<...>_attributes_and_corresponding_JavaScript_properties"></a>


A handler registered via an`on<...>`attribute will be available via the corresponding`on<...>`property, but not the other way around:


```
<div id="a" onclick="alert('old')">Open the Developer Tools Console to see the output.</div>

<script>
window.onload = function () {
  var div = document.getElementById("a");
  console.log("Attribute reflected as a property: ", div.onclick.toString());
  // Prints: function onclick(event) { alert('old') }
  div.onclick = function() { alert('new') };
  console.log("Changed property to: ", div.onclick.toString());
  // Prints: function () { alert('new') }
  console.log("Attribute value is unchanged: ", div.getAttribute("onclick"));
  // Prints: alert('old')
}
</script>
```


For historical reasons, some attributes/properties on the[`<body>`](%22830 "The HTML <body> Element represents the content of an HTML document. There can be only one <body> element in a document.")and[`<frameset>`](%12475 "<frameset> is an HTML element which is used to contain <frame> elements.")elements actually set event handlers on their parent[`Window`](%13757 "The window object represents a window containing a DOM document; the document property points to the DOM document loaded in that window.")object. (The HTML specification names these:`onblur`,`onerror`,`onfocus`,`onload`,`onscroll`.)


### Event handler&#39;s parameters,`this`binding, and the return value<a name="Event_handler's_parameters_this_binding_and_the_return_value"></a>


When the event handler is specified as**an HTML attribute**, the specified code is wrapped into a function with**the following parameters**:


* `event`- for all event handlers, except[`onerror`](%8744 "An event handler for the error event. Error events are fired at various targets for different kinds of errors:").
* `event`,`source`,`lineno`,`colno`, and`error`for the[`onerror`](%8744 "An event handler for the error event. Error events are fired at various targets for different kinds of errors:")event handler. Note that the`event`parameter actually contains the error message as string.


When the event handler is invoked, the`this`keyword inside the handler is set to the DOM element on which the handler is registered. For more details see[the this keyword documentation](%22831 "").



The return value from the handler determines if the event is canceled. The specific handling of the return value depends on the kind of event, for details see[&quot;The event handler processing algorithm&quot; in the HTML specification](%22832 "").


### When the event handler is invoked<a name="When_the_event_handler_is_invoked"></a>


TBD (non-capturing listener)


### Terminology<a name="Terminology"></a>


The term**event handler**may be used to refer to:


* any function or object registered to be notified of events,
* or, more specifically, to the mechanism of registering event listeners via`on...`attributes in HTML or properties in web APIs, such as`<button onclick="alert(this)">`or`window.onload = function() { /* ... */ }`.


When discussing the various methods of listening to events,


* **event listener**refers to a function or object registered via[`EventTarget.addEventListener()`](%15701 "The EventTarget method addEventListener() sets up a function to be called whenever the specified event is delivered to the target."),
* whereas**event handler**refers to a function registered via`on...`attributes or properties.

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;event handlers&#39; in that specification.</small>](%22833 "") | Living Standard |  
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;event handlers&#39; in that specification.</small>](%22834 "") | Recommendation |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>

### Event handler changes in Firefox 9<a name="Event_handler_changes_in_Firefox_9"></a>


In order to better match the specifications, and improve cross-browser compatibility, the way event handlers were implemented at a fundamental level changed in Gecko 9.0 (Firefox 9.0 / Thunderbird 9.0 / SeaMonkey 2.6).



Specifically, in the past, event handlers were not correctly implemented as standard IDL attributes. In Gecko 9.0, this was changed. Because of this, certain behaviors of event handlers in Gecko have changed. In particular, they now behave in all the ways standard IDL attributes behave. In most cases, this shouldn&#39;t affect web or add-on content at all; however, there are a few specific things to watch out for.


#### Detecting the presence of event handler properties<a name="Detecting_the_presence_of_event_handler_properties"></a>


You can now detect the presence of an event handler property (that is, for example,`onload`), using the JavaScript[`in`](%22835 "en/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/in")operator. For example:


```
if ("onsomenewfeature" in window) {
  /* do something amazing */
}
```

#### Event handlers and prototypes<a name="Event_handlers_and_prototypes"></a>


You can&#39;t set or access the values of any IDL-defined attributes on DOM prototype objects; that means you can&#39;t, for example, change`Window.prototype.onload`anymore. In the past, event handlers (`onload`, etc.) weren&#39;t implemented as IDL attributes in Gecko, so you were able to do this for those. Now you can&#39;t. This improves compatibility.




## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [Beginner](%22836 "")
* [DOM](%22837 "")
* [DOM Beginner](%22838 "")
* [NeedsBeginnerUpdate](%22839 "")
* [NeedsUpdate](%22840 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz](%22202 ""),[Onkar316](%22841 ""),[wxdude225](%22842 ""),[DailyAlice](%22843 ""),[david_ross](%22844 ""),[rolfedh](%22845 ""),[Nickolay](%22846 ""),[pcat](%22847 ""),[majido](%22848 ""),[markg](%22849 ""),[chrisAnderson](%22850 ""),[Jeremie](%22851 ""),[Sheppy](%22371 ""),[Bzbarsky](%22852 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz](%22202 ""),<time>Jan 29, 2018, 3:04:20 AM</time>


