---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioBufferSourceNode/start
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22853 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14138 "")版。</bdi>






The`start()`method of the[`AudioBufferSourceNode`]3873 "The AudioBufferSourceNode interface is an AudioScheduledSourceNode which represents an audio source consisting of in-memory audio data, stored in an AudioBuffer. It's especially useful for playing back audio which has particularly stringent timing accuracy requirements, such as for sounds that must match a specific rhythm and can be kept in memory rather than being played from disk or the network.")Interface is used to schedule playback of the audio data contained in the buffer, or to begin playback immediately.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
AudioBufferSourceNode.start([when][, offset][, duration]);

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`when`Optional</dt><dd>The time, in seconds, at which the sound should begin to play, in the same time coordinate system used by the[`AudioContext`]3818 "The AudioContext interface represents an audio-processing graph built from audio modules linked together, each represented by an AudioNode. An audio context controls both the creation of the nodes it contains and the execution of the audio processing, or decoding. You need to create an AudioContext before you do anything else, as everything happens inside a context."). If`when`is less than ([`AudioContext.currentTime`]3946 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), or if it&#39;s 0, the sound begins to play at once.**The default value is 0.**</dd><dt id=''>`offset`Optional</dt><dd>An offset, specified as the number of seconds in the same time coordinate system as the`AudioContext`, to the time within the audio buffer that playback should begin. For example, to start playback halfway through a 10-second audio clip,`offset`should be 5. The default value, 0, will begin playback at the beginning of the audio buffer, and offsets past the end of the audio which will be played (based on the audio buffer&#39;s[`duration`]14125 "A double.")and/or the[`loopEnd`]14135 "A floating-point number indicating the offset, in seconds, into the audio buffer at which each loop will loop return to the beginning of the loop (that is, the current play time gets reset to AudioBufferSourceNode.loopStart). This property is only used if the loop property is true.")property) are silently clamped to the maximum value allowed. The computation of the offset into the sound is performed using the sound buffer&#39;s natural sample rate, rather than the current playback rate, so even if the sound is playing at twice its normal speed, the midway point through a 10-second audio buffer is still 5.</dd><dt id=''>`duration`Optional</dt><dd>The duration of the sound to be played, specified in seconds. If this parameter isn&#39;t specified, the sound plays until it reaches its natural conclusion or is stopped using the[`stop()`]3963 "The stop() method on AudioScheduledSourceNode schedules a sound to cease playback at the specified time. If no time is specified, then the sound stops playing immediately.")method. Using this parameter is functionally identical to calling`start(when, offset)`and then calling`stop(when+duration)`.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


[`undefined`]14139 "The global undefined property represents the primitive value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.").


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`TypeError`</dt><dd>A negative value was specified for one or more of the three time parameters. Please don&#39;t attempt to tamper with the laws of temporal physics.</dd><dt id=''>`InvalidStateError`</dt><dd>`start()`has already been called. You can only call this function once during the lifetime of an`AudioBufferSourceNode`.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The most simple example just starts the audio buffer playing from the beginning — you don&#39;t need to specify any parameters in this case:


```
source.start();
```


The following more complex example will, 1 second from now, start playing 10 seconds worth of sound starting 3 seconds into the audio buffer.


```
source.start(audioCtx.currentTime + 1,3,10);
```


For a more complete example showing`start()`in use, check out our[`AudioContext.decodeAudioData()`]3948 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")example, You can also[run the code example live]22760 ""), or[view the source]22761 "").



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;start()&#39; in that specification.</small>]22854 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>14 — 57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3743 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [AudioBufferSourceNode]22791 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [sound]3973 "")
* [start]22795 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[olyro]22855 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[bsansouci]22856 ""),[brianblakely]22857 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[bricejlin]22858 ""),[Yuan.Xulei]22859 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[olyro]22855 ""),<time>Nov 8, 2017, 5:23:36 AM</time>


