---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioBufferSourceNode/stop
---





The`stop()`method on[`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.")schedules a sound to cease playback at the specified time. If no time is specified, then the sound stops playing immediately.



Each time you call`stop()`on the same node, the specified time replaces any previously-scheduled stop time that hasn&#39;t occurred yet. If the node has already stopped, this method has no effect.



If a scheduled stop time occurs before the node&#39;s scheduled start time, the node never starts to play.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
AudioScheduledSourceNode.stop([when]);

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters_2"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`when`Optional</dt><dd>The time, in seconds, at which the sound should stop playing. This value is specified in the same time coordinate system as the[`AudioContext`]3818 "The AudioContext interface represents an audio-processing graph built from audio modules linked together, each represented by an AudioNode. An audio context controls both the creation of the nodes it contains and the execution of the audio processing, or decoding. You need to create an AudioContext before you do anything else, as everything happens inside a context.")is using for its[`currentTime`]3946 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")attribute. Omitting this parameter, specifying a value of 0, or passing a negative value causes the sound to stop playback immediately.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


[`undefined`]14139 "The global undefined property represents the primitive value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.")


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`TypeError`</dt><dd>The value specified for`when`is negative.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
ac = new AudioContext();
os = ac.createOscillator();
os.connect(ac.destination);
/* Let's play a sine wave for one second. */
os.start();
os.stop(ac.currentTime + 1);
```

## Specifications<a name="Parameters"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;stop()&#39; in that specification.</small>]22860 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3811 "")
* [`AudioScheduledSourceNode`]3961 "The AudioScheduledSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—is a parent interface for several types of audio source node interfaces which share the ability to be started and stopped, optionally at specified times. Specifically, this interface defines the start() and stop() methods, as well as the onended event handler.")
* [`AudioBufferSourceNode`]3873 "The AudioBufferSourceNode interface is an AudioScheduledSourceNode which represents an audio source consisting of in-memory audio data, stored in an AudioBuffer. It's especially useful for playing back audio which has particularly stringent timing accuracy requirements, such as for sounds that must match a specific rhythm and can be kept in memory rather than being played from disk or the network.")
* [`ConstantSourceNode`]3966 "The ConstantSourceNode interface—part of the Web Audio API—represents an audio source (based upon AudioScheduledSourceNode) whose output is single unchanging value. This makes it useful for cases in which you need a constant value coming in from an audio source. In addition, it can be used like a constructible AudioParam by automating the value of its offset or by connecting another node to it; see Controlling multiple parameters with ConstantSourceNode.")
* [`OscillatorNode`]3965 "The OscillatorNode interface represents a periodic waveform, such as a sine wave. It is an AudioScheduledSourceNode audio-processing module that causes a specified frequency of a given wave to be created—in effect, a constant tone.")



## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [API]22815 "")
* [Audio]22816 "")
* [AudioScheduledSourceNode]22818 "")
* [Media]22821 "")
* [Method]22861 "")
* [Reference]22199 "")
* [sound]22862 "")
* [stop]22863 "")
* [Web Audio API]22825 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz]22202 ""),[deschutron]22864 ""),[afranchuk]22865 ""),[jpmedley]22826 ""),[Sheppy]22371 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz]22202 ""),<time>Oct 12, 2017, 5:52:14 AM</time>


