---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-accelerator
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-accelerator`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that sets or retrieves a string indicating whether the object represents a keyboard shortcut.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `false` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* The object is not a keyboard shortcut (the default) */
-ms-accelerator: false
/* The object is a keyboard shortcut */
-ms-accelerator: true
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`false`</dt><dd>

The object is not a keyboard shortcut.

</dd><dt id=''>`true`</dt><dd>

The object is a keyboard shortcut.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
false | true
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


This example uses the`-ms-accelerator`attribute in a[`<u>`]37244 "The HTML Unarticulated Annotation element (<u>) represents a span of inline text which should be rendered in a way that indicates that it has a non-textual annotation.")element to specify that the &quot;N&quot; in the[`<label>`]12888 "The HTML <label> element represents a caption for an item in a user interface.")element is a keyboard shortcut. When the option to &quot;Hide keyboard navigation indicators until I use the Alt key&quot; is enabled in the user&#39;s Display Properties, the &quot;N&quot; is not underlined until the user presses the<kbd>Alt</kbd>key. When<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>N</kbd>is pressed, the[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")element that defines an`[accesskey]37245 "")`attribute value of &quot;N&quot; receives the focus.


```
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html>
  <head>
    <title>Accelerator</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <label for="oName"><u style="-ms-accelerator: true; accelerator: true">N</u>ame: </label>
    <input type="text"
      id="oName"
      size="25"
      accesskey="N"
      value="Your name here" />
  </body>
</html>

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property is supported by Windows 2000 and later. It enables users to hide navigation indicators for menu items and controls until the<kbd>Alt</kbd>key is pressed.



An access key is a single character used as a keyboard shortcut for selecting an object. The user presses the<kbd>Alt</kbd>key and holds it while pressing the character to move input focus to the object, and to invoke the default event associated with the object.



In Internet Explorer 8 (IE8) the`-ms-accelerator`attribute is an extension to CSS, and can be used as a synonym for`accelerator`****in IE8 Standards mode.




