---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-chaining
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-content-zoom-chaining`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")specifying the zoom behavior that occurs when a user hits the zoom limit during page manipulation.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>The initial value. A bounce effect is shown when the user hits a zoom limit during page manipulation.</dd><dt id=''>`chained`</dt><dd>The nearest zoomable parent element begins zooming when the user hits a zoom limit during page manipulation. No bounce effect is shown.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  none | chained

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property has no effect on non-zoomable elements. For information on zoomable elements, see[`-ms-content-zooming`]33339 "The -ms-content-zooming CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies whether zooming is enabled.").



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for touchpad interaction.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




