---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-block-progression
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-block-progression`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies the block progression and layout orientation.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `tb` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`tb`</dt><dd>Default. Top-to-bottom block flow. Layout is horizontal.</dd><dt id=''>`rl`</dt><dd>Right-to-left block flow. Layout is vertical.</dd><dt id=''>`bt`</dt><dd>Bottom-to-top block flow. Layout is horizontal.</dd><dt id=''>`rl`</dt><dd>Left-to-right block flow. Layout is vertical.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  tb | rl | bt | lr

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


In vertical layout, text lines are rotated 90° clockwise. Images are not rotated, but tables are. Box layout in vertical orientations is exactly analogous to layout in the horizontal orientation: width, height, top, bottom, right, and left do not rotate with the text.



Only one block progression is active at a time; these values cannot be combined.



This property is based on the`block-progression`property of the CSS3 Text Layout module.




