---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zooming
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-content-zooming`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies whether zooming is enabled.


[Initial value]28552 "") | zoom for the top level element, none for all other elements 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>The initial value of all elements except the top-level element. The element is not zoomable.</dd><dt id=''>`zoom`</dt><dd>The initial value of the top-level element. The element is zoomable.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  none | zoom

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property has no effect unless overflow is permitted on both the x- and y-axes.



By default, zoom-enabled elements can be zoomed by the user via pinch-zoom. The top-level element can also be zoomed via double-tap when it is zoom-enabled.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for touchpad interaction.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




