---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-size-adjust#Syntax
---





**This is an[experimental technology](%3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%36679 "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`text-size-adjust`**[CSS](%14273 "")property controls the text inflation algorithm used on some smartphones and tablets. Other browsers will ignore this property.


```
/* Keyword values */
text-size-adjust: none;
text-size-adjust: auto;

/* <percentage> value */
text-size-adjust: 80%;

/* Global values */
text-size-adjust: inherit;
text-size-adjust: initial;
text-size-adjust: unset;
```


Because many websites have not been developed with small devices in mind, mobile browsers differ from desktop browsers in the way they render web pages. Instead of laying out pages at the width of the device screen, they lay them out using a[viewport](%14371 "viewport: A viewport represents a polygonal (normally rectangular) area in computer graphics that is currently being viewed. In web browser terms, it refers to the part of the document you're viewing which is currently visible in its window (or the screen, if the document is being viewed in full screen mode). Content outside the viewport is not visible onscreen until scrolled into view.")that is much wider, usually 800 or 1000 pixels. To map the extra-wide layout back to the original device size, they either show only part of the whole render or scale the viewport down to fit.



Since text that has been scaled down to fit a mobile screen may be very small, many mobile browsers apply a text inflation algorithm to enlarge the text to make it more readable. When an element containing text uses 100% of the screen&#39;s width, the algorithm increases its text size, but without modifying the layout. The`text-size-adjust`property allows web authors to disable or modify this behavior, as web pages designed with small screens in mind do not need it.


[Initial value](%28552 "") | `auto`for smartphone browsers supporting inflation,`none`in other cases (and then not modifiable). 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited](%28555 "") | yes 
Percentages | yes, refer to the corresponding size of the text font 
Media | visual 
[Computed value](%28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`text-size-adjust`property is specified as`[none](%36681 "")`,`[auto](%36682 "")`, or a`[&lt;percentage&gt;](%36683 "")`.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id='none'>`none`</dt><dd>Disables the browser&#39;s inflation algorithm.</dd><dt id='auto'>`auto`</dt><dd>Enables the browser&#39;s inflation algorithm. This value is used to cancel a`none`value previously set with CSS.</dd><dt id='<percentage>'>`<percentage>`</dt><dd>Enables the browser&#39;s inflation algorithm, specifying a percentage value with which to increase the font size.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
none | auto | <percentage>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Mobile Text Size Adjustment Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;text-size-adjust&#39; in that specification.</small>](%36684 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>](%3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
`<percentage>`<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Apple&#39;s documentation](%36685 "")
* [Gecko&#39;s behavior description](%36686 ""), by L. David Baron
* [Microsoft&#39;s documentation](%36687 "")



