---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CredentialsContainer/preventSilentAccess
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24007 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24008 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%5134#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`preventSilentAccess()`**method of the[`CredentialsContainer`]23994 "The CredentialsContainer interface of the the Credential Management API exposes methods to request credentials and notify the user agent when events such as successful sign in or sign out happen. This interface is accessible from Navigator.credentials.")interface sets a flag that specifies whether automatic log in is allowed for future visits to the current origin, then returns an empty[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.").For example, you might call this, after a user signs out of a website to ensure that he/she isn&#39;t automatically signed in on the next site visit. Mediation varies by origin, and is an added check point of browser stored credentials, informing a user of an account login status. This method is typically called after a user signs out of a website, ensuring this user&#39;s login information is not automatically passed on the next site visit.



Earlier versions of the spec called this method`requireUserMediation()`. See[Browser compatibility]24010 "")for support details.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var Promise = CredentialsContainer.preventSilentAccess()
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>


None.



Returns



An empty[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.").


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Credential Management Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;preventSilentAccess()&#39; in that specification.</small>]24011 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [credential management]5124 "")
* [credentials]5125 "")
* [preventSilentAccess]24012 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [requireUserMediation]24013 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[david_ross]3412 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 5:14:40 AM</time>


