---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SubtleCrypto/deriveKey
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24049 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24050 "")版。</bdi>






The`**SubtleCrypto.deriveKey()**`method returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")of a newly generated[`CryptoKey`]24030 "The CryptoKey interface represents a cryptographic key derived from a specific key algorithm.")derived from a master key and a specific algorithm given as parameters.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
const result = crypto.subtle.deriveKey(
    algorithm,
    masterKey,
    derivedKeyAlgorithm,
    extractable,
    keyUsages);

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>

* `<em>algorithm</em>`is an object defining the derivation algorithm to use. Supported values are:
	* `{"name": "ECDH", "public": publicKey}`
	* `{"name": "DH", "public": publicKey}`
	* `{"name": "PBKDF2", salt, iterations, hash}`where<em>`salt`</em>is an[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")or an[`ArrayBufferView`]24051 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"),<em>`iterations`</em>is the number of iterations and<em>`hash`</em>is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")identifying the hashing algorithm to use.
	* `{"name": "HKDF-CTR", hash, label, context}`
* <em>`masterKey`</em>is a[`CryptoKey`]24030 "The CryptoKey interface represents a cryptographic key derived from a specific key algorithm.")representing the master key to be used by the key derivation algorithm.
* `<em>derivedKeyAlgorithm</em>`is an object defining the algorithm the derived key will be used for or a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")as a shortcut for`{"name": derivedKeyAlgo}`. For AES a`<em>length</em>`property is also required, possible values are 128, 192 or 256 bits.
* `<em>extractable</em>`is a[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")indicating if the key can be extracted from the[`CryptoKey`]24030 "The CryptoKey interface represents a cryptographic key derived from a specific key algorithm.")object at a later stage.
* `<em>keyUsages</em>`is an[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects.")indicating what can be done with the derivated key. Possible values of the array are:
	* `"encrypt"`, allowing the key to be used for[encrypting]24034 "encrypting: In cryptography, encryption is the conversion of cleartext into a coded text or ciphertext. A ciphertext is intended to be unreadable by unauthorized readers.")messages.
	* `"decrypt"`, allowing the key to be used for[decrypting]24035 "decrypting: In cryptography, decryption is the conversion of ciphertext into cleartext.")messages.
	* `"sign"`, allowing the key to be used for[signing]24036 "signing: The term signature can have several meanings depending on the context. It may refer to:")messages.
	* `"verify"`, allowing the key to be used for[verifying the signature]24037 "The definition of that term (verifying the signature) has not been written yet; please consider contributing it!")of messages.
	* `"deriveKey"`, allowing the key to be used as a base key when deriving a new key.
	* `"deriveBits"`, allowing the key to be used as a base key when deriving bits of data for use in cryptographic primitives.
	* `"wrapKey"`, allowing the key to wrap a symmetric key for usage (transfer, storage) in unsecure environments.
	* `"unwrapKey"`, allowing the key to unwrap a symmetric key for usage (transfer, storage) in unsecure environments.

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>

* `<em>result</em>`is a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that returns the derivated key as a[`CryptoKey`]24030 "The CryptoKey interface represents a cryptographic key derived from a specific key algorithm.")or a[`CryptoKeyPair`]24031 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").

### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>


The promise is rejected when one of the following exceptions are encountered:


* [`InvalidAccessError`]24052 "")when the master key is not a key for the requested derivation algorithm or if the[`CryptoKey.usages`]24053 "The CryptoKey.usages read-only property is an array of enumerated that indicates the purposes of the key.")value of that key doesn&#39;t contain`"deriveKey"`.
* [`NotSupported`]24054 "")when trying to use an algorithm that is either unknown or isn&#39;t suitable for derivation, or if the algorithm requested for the derived key doesn&#39;t define a key length.
* [`SyntaxError`]24038 "")when<em>`keyUsages`</em>is empty but the unwrapped key is of type`"secret"`or`"private"`.

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


Here&#39;s an example showing how to use**deriveKey()**to create a**Secure Remote Password**(also known as**Proof of Secret**) from a user&#39;s password.


```
// salt should be Uint8Array or ArrayBuffer
var saltBuffer = Unibabel.hexToBuffer('e85c53e7f119d41fd7895cdc9d7bb9dd');

// don't use naïve approaches for converting text, otherwise international
// characters won't have the correct byte sequences. Use TextEncoder when
// available or otherwise use relevant polyfills
var passphraseKey = Unibabel.utf8ToBuffer("I hëart årt and £$¢!");

// You should firstly import your passphrase Uint8array into a CryptoKey
window.crypto.subtle.importKey(
  'raw', 
  passphraseKey, 
  {name: 'PBKDF2'}, 
  false, 
  ['deriveBits', 'deriveKey']
).then(function(key) {

  return window.crypto.subtle.deriveKey(
    { "name": 'PBKDF2',
      "salt": saltBuffer,
      // don't get too ambitious, or at least remember
      // that low-power phones will access your app
      "iterations": 100,
      "hash": 'SHA-256'
    },
    key,

    // Note: for this demo we don't actually need a cipher suite,
    // but the api requires that it must be specified.

    // For AES the length required to be 128 or 256 bits (not bytes)
    { "name": 'AES-CBC', "length": 256 },

    // Whether or not the key is extractable (less secure) or not (more secure)
    // when false, the key can only be passed as a web crypto object, not inspected
    true,

    // this web crypto object will only be allowed for these functions
    [ "encrypt", "decrypt" ]
  )
}).then(function (webKey) {

  return crypto.subtle.exportKey("raw", webKey);

}).then(function (buffer) {

    var proofOfSecret = Unibabel.bufferToHex(buffer);
    // this proof-of-secret / secure-remote password
    // can now be sent in place of the user's password
});
```


Note: Because there are no native tools to convert between Uint8Array, Unicode, hex, and base64, you&#39;ll probably want to use something like[Unibabel]24055 "")or[Buffer]24056 "")to convert between them.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Cryptography API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SubtleCrypto.deriveKey()&#39; in that specification.</small>]24057 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Crypto`]24040 "The Crypto interface represents basic cryptography features available in the current context. It allows access to a cryptographically strong random number generator and to cryptographic primitives.")and[`Crypto.subtle`]24041 "The Crypto.subtle read-only property returns a SubtleCrypto object allowing to perform cryptographical operations.").
* [`SubtleCrypto`]24042 "The SubtleCrypto interface represents a set of cryptographic primitives. It is available via the Crypto.subtle properties available in a window context (via Window.crypto)."), the interface it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Crypto]24058 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SubtleCrypto]24043 "")
* [Web]119 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[kgeorgiou]24059 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[vitaly-zdanevich]24060 ""),[LinusU]24061 ""),[Dans24]24047 ""),[ZeroUnderscoreOu]24062 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[dchest]24063 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[agix]24064 ""),[Wladimir_Palant]24065 ""),[Davidx7]24066 ""),[coolaj86]24067 ""),[lewisl9029]24068 "")
**最后编辑者:**[kgeorgiou]24059 ""),<time>May 31, 2018, 3:01:53 PM</time>


