---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CryptoKey/type
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24080 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24081 "")版。</bdi>






The`**CryptoKey.type**`read-only property that indicates the type of the key: if it is the key for a symmetric algorithm (`"secret"`) or for an asymmetric algorithm (`"public"`or`"private"`, depending of its purpose).


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
result = key.type

```

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>

* `<em>result</em>`is an enumerated value that can be:
	* `"secret"`represents the unique key used for encrypting or decrypting a message using a symmetric algorithm.
	* `"public"`represents a publicly shareable key used in an asymmetric algorithm.
	* `"private"`represents a key used in an asymmetric algorithm that must be kept private.

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Cryptography API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CryptoKey.type&#39; in that specification.</small>]24082 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Crypto`]24040 "The Crypto interface represents basic cryptography features available in the current context. It allows access to a cryptographically strong random number generator and to cryptographic primitives.")and[`Crypto.subtle`]24041 "The Crypto.subtle read-only property returns a SubtleCrypto object allowing to perform cryptographical operations.").
* [`CryptoKey`]24030 "The CryptoKey interface represents a cryptographic key derived from a specific key algorithm."), the interface it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CryptoKey]24083 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Read-only]23513 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Web Crypto API]24044 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 5:08:28 AM</time>


