---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CryptoKey/usages
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]24090 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24053 "")版。</bdi>






The`**CryptoKey.usages**`read-only property is an array of enumerated that indicates the purposes of the key.



Possible values are:


* `"encrypt"`, allowing the key to be used for[encrypting]24034 "encrypting: In cryptography, encryption is the conversion of cleartext into a coded text or ciphertext. A ciphertext is intended to be unreadable by unauthorized readers.")messages.
* `"decrypt"`, allowing the key to be used for[decrypting]24035 "decrypting: In cryptography, decryption is the conversion of ciphertext into cleartext.")messages.
* `"sign"`, allowing the key to be used for[signing]24036 "signing: The term signature can have several meanings depending on the context. It may refer to:")messages.
* `"verify"`, allowing the key to be used for[verifying the signature]24037 "The definition of that term (verifying the signature) has not been written yet; please consider contributing it!")of messages.
* `"deriveKey"`, allowing the key to be used as a base key when deriving a new key.
* `"deriveBits"`, allowing the key to be used as a base key when deriving bits of data for use in cryptographic primitives.
* `"wrapKey"`, allowing the key to wrap a symmetric key for usage (transfer, storage) in unsecure environments.
* `"unwrapKey"`, allowing the key to unwrap a symmetric key for usage (transfer, storage) in unsecure environments.

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
result = key.usages

```

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>

* `<em>result</em>`is an[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects.")of enumerated values.

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Cryptography API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CryptoKey.usages&#39; in that specification.</small>]24091 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Crypto`]24040 "The Crypto interface represents basic cryptography features available in the current context. It allows access to a cryptographically strong random number generator and to cryptographic primitives.")and[`Crypto.subtle`]24041 "The Crypto.subtle read-only property returns a SubtleCrypto object allowing to perform cryptographical operations.").
* [`CryptoKey`]24030 "The CryptoKey interface represents a cryptographic key derived from a specific key algorithm."), the interface it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CryptoKey]24083 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Read-only]23513 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Web Crypto API]24044 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 5:09:50 AM</time>


