---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/splat
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]44942 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42564 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.splat()`**method creates a new SIMD data type with all lanes set to a given value.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.splat(s)
SIMD.Float64x2.splat(s)

SIMD.Int8x16.splat(s)
SIMD.Int16x8.splat(s)
SIMD.Int32x4.splat(s)

SIMD.Uint8x16.splat(s)
SIMD.Uint16x8.splat(s)
SIMD.Uint32x4.splat(s)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>s`Optional`</dt><dd>The value to set all lanes to. This is an integer for int types and a double for float types.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A new SIMD data type with all lanes set to a given value.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


When constructing SIMD data types, multiple arguments for the lane values are expected. The splat function sets a single value for all lanes, allowing you to quickly assemble a new SIMD data type.



If you don&#39;t specify a value`s`, the lanes of int SIMD types will be set to`0`, and for float SIMD types the lanes will be set to[`NaN`]22328 "The global NaN property is a value representing Not-A-Number.").


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.splat(3);
// Float32x4[3,3,3,3]

SIMD.Float64x2.splat(3);
// Float64x2[3,3]

SIMD.Int8x16.splat(3);
// Int8x16[3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3]

SIMD.Int16x8.splat(3);
// Int16x8[3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3]

SIMD.Int32x4.splat(3);
// Int32x4[3,3,3,3]

SIMD.Uint8x16.splat(3); 
// Uint8x16[3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3] 

SIMD.Uint16x8.splat(3); 
// Uint16x8[3,3,3,3,3,3,3,3] 

SIMD.Uint32x4.splat(3); 
// Uint32x4[3,3,3,3]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.splat&#39; in that specification.</small>]44943 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



