---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-caps
---





The**`font-variant-caps`**[CSS]427 "")property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for capital letters.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/font-variant-caps.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


When a given font includes capital letter glyphs of multiple different sizes, this property selects the most appropriate ones. If petite capital glyphs are not available, they are rendered using small capital glyphs. If these are not present, the browser synthesizes them from the uppercase glyphs.



Fonts sometimes include special glyphs for various caseless characters (such as punctuation marks) to better match the capitalized characters around them. However, small capital glyphs are never synthesized for caseless characters.


### Language-specific rules<a name="Language-specific_rules"></a>


This property accounts for language-specific case mapping rules. For example:


* In Turkic languages, such as Turkish (tr), Azerbaijani (az), Crimean Tatar (crh), Volga Tatar (tt), and Bashkir (ba), there are two kinds of`i`(one with the dot, one without) and two case pairings:`i`/`İ`and`ı`/`I`.
* In German (de), the`ß`becomes`SS`in uppercase.
* In Greek (el), vowels lose their accent when the whole word is in uppercase (`ά`/`Α`), except for the disjunctive eta (`ή`/`Ή`). Also, diphthongs with an accent on the first vowel lose the accent and gain a diacritic on the second vowel (`άι`/`ΑΪ`).

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
font-variant-caps: normal;
font-variant-caps: small-caps;
font-variant-caps: all-small-caps;
font-variant-caps: petite-caps;
font-variant-caps: all-petite-caps;
font-variant-caps: unicase;
font-variant-caps: titling-caps;

/* Global values */
font-variant-caps: inherit;
font-variant-caps: initial;
font-variant-caps: unset;
```


The`font-variant-caps`property is specified using a single keyword value from the list below. In each case, if the font doesn&#39;t support the OpenType value, then it synthesizes the glyphs.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>Deactivates of the use of alternate glyphs.</dd><dt id=''>`small-caps`</dt><dd>Enables display of small capitals (OpenType feature:`smcp`). Small-caps glyphs typically use the form of uppercase letters but are reduced to the size of lowercase letters.</dd><dt id=''>`all-small-caps`</dt><dd>Enables display of small capitals for both upper and lowercase letters (OpenType features:`c2sc`,`smcp`).</dd><dt id=''>`petite-caps`</dt><dd>Enables display of petite capitals (OpenType feature:`pcap`).</dd><dt id=''>`all-petite-caps`</dt><dd>Enables display of petite capitals for both upper and lowercase letters (OpenType features:`c2pc`,`pcap`).</dd><dt id=''>`unicase`</dt><dd>Enables display of mixture of small capitals for uppercase letters with normal lowercase letters (OpenType feature:`unic`).</dd><dt id=''>`titling-caps`</dt><dd>Enables display of titling capitals (OpenType feature:`titl`). Uppercase letter glyphs are often designed for use with lowercase letters. When used in all uppercase titling sequences they can appear too strong. Titling capitals are designed specifically for this situation.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
normal | small-caps | all-small-caps | petite-caps | all-petite-caps | unicase | titling-caps
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p class="small-caps">Firefox rocks, small caps!</p>
<p class="normal">Firefox rocks, normal caps!</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.small-caps {
  font-variant-caps: small-caps;
  font-style: italic;
}
.normal {
  font-variant-caps: normal;
  font-style: italic;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant-caps$samples/Examples?revision=1367960' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


Large sections of text set with a`font-variant`value of`all-small-caps`or`all-petite-caps`may be difficult for people with cognitive concerns such as Dyslexia to read.


* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.4 explanations]30213 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 1.4.8 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]30214 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

[Initial value]28552 "") | `normal` 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables).")and[`::first-line`]28554 "The ::first-line CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first line of a block-level element."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-variant-caps&#39; in that specification.</small>]30215 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>



