---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant
---





The**font-variant**CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties[`font-variant-caps`]30119 "The font-variant-caps CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for capital letters."),[`font-variant-numeric`]30121 "The font-variant-numeric CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for numbers, fractions, and ordinal markers."),[`font-variant-alternates`]28550 "The font-variant-alternates CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs. These alternate glyphs may be referenced by alternative names defined in @font-feature-values."),[`font-variant-ligatures`]30120 "The font-variant-ligatures CSS property controls which ligatures and contextual forms are used in textual content of the elements it applies to. This leads to more harmonized forms in the resulting text."), and[`font-variant-east-asian`]30118 "The font-variant-east-asian CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for East Asian scripts, like Japanese and Chinese."). You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of`font-variant`, (that is,`normal`or`small-caps`), by using the[`font`]23656 "The font CSS property is either a shorthand property for setting font-style, font-variant, font-weight, font-size, line-height, and font-family; or a way to set the element's font to a system font, using specific keywords.")shorthand.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/font-variant.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
font-variant: small-caps;
font-variant: common-ligatures small-caps;

/* Global values */
font-variant: inherit;
font-variant: initial;
font-variant: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>Specifies a normal font face; each of the longhand properties has an initial value of normal. Longhand properties of`font-variant`are:[`font-variant-caps`]30119 "The font-variant-caps CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for capital letters."),[`font-variant-numeric`]30121 "The font-variant-numeric CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for numbers, fractions, and ordinal markers."),[`font-variant-alternates`]28550 "The font-variant-alternates CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs. These alternate glyphs may be referenced by alternative names defined in @font-feature-values."),[`font-variant-ligatures`]30120 "The font-variant-ligatures CSS property controls which ligatures and contextual forms are used in textual content of the elements it applies to. This leads to more harmonized forms in the resulting text."), and[`font-variant-east-asian`]30118 "The font-variant-east-asian CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for East Asian scripts, like Japanese and Chinese.").</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>Sets the value of the[`font-variant-ligatures`]30120 "The font-variant-ligatures CSS property controls which ligatures and contextual forms are used in textual content of the elements it applies to. This leads to more harmonized forms in the resulting text.")to`none`and the values of the other longhand property as`normal`, their initial value.</dd><dt id=''>`<common-lig-values>`,`<discretionary-lig-values>`,`<historical-lig-values>`,`<contextual-alt-values>`</dt><dd>Specifies the keywords related to the[`font-variant-ligatures`]30120 "The font-variant-ligatures CSS property controls which ligatures and contextual forms are used in textual content of the elements it applies to. This leads to more harmonized forms in the resulting text.")longhand property. The possible values are:`common-ligatures`,`no-common-ligatures`,`discretionary-ligatures`,`no-discretionary-ligatures`,`historical-ligatures`,`no-historical-ligatures`,`contextual`, and`no-contextual`.</dd><dt id=''>`stylistic()`,`historical-forms`,`styleset()`,`character-variant()`,`swash()`,`ornaments()`,`annotation()`</dt><dd>Specifies the keywords and functions related to the[`font-variant-alternates`]28550 "The font-variant-alternates CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs. These alternate glyphs may be referenced by alternative names defined in @font-feature-values.")longhand property.</dd><dt id=''>`small-caps`,`all-small-caps`,`petite-caps`,`all-petite-caps`,`unicase`,`titling-caps`</dt><dd>Specifies the keywords and functions related to the[`font-variant-caps`]30119 "The font-variant-caps CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for capital letters.")longhand property.</dd><dt id=''>`<numeric-figure-values>`,`<numeric-spacing-values>`,`<numeric-fraction-values>`,`ordinal`,`slashed-zero`</dt><dd>Specifies the keywords related to the[`font-variant-numeric`]30121 "The font-variant-numeric CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for numbers, fractions, and ordinal markers.")longhand property. The possible values are:`lining-nums`,`oldstyle-nums`,`proportional-nums`,`tabular-nums`,`diagonal-fractions`,`stacked-fractions`,`ordinal`, and`slashed-zero`.</dd><dt id=''>`<east-asian-variant-values>`,`<east-asian-width-values>`,`ruby`</dt><dd>Specifies the keywords related to the[`font-variant-east-asian`]30118 "The font-variant-east-asian CSS property controls the usage of alternate glyphs for East Asian scripts, like Japanese and Chinese.")longhand property. The possible values are:`jis78`,`jis83`,`jis90`,`jis04`,`simplified`,`traditional`,`full-width`,`proportional-width`,`ruby`.</dd><dt id=''>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>
</dt></dl>
```
normal | none | [ <common-lig-values> || <discretionary-lig-values> || <historical-lig-values> || <contextual-alt-values> || stylistic( <feature-value-name> ) || historical-forms || styleset( <feature-value-name># ) || character-variant( <feature-value-name># ) || swash( <feature-value-name> ) || ornaments( <feature-value-name> ) || annotation( <feature-value-name> ) || [ small-caps | all-small-caps | petite-caps | all-petite-caps | unicase | titling-caps ] || <numeric-figure-values> || <numeric-spacing-values> || <numeric-fraction-values> || ordinal || slashed-zero || <east-asian-variant-values> || <east-asian-width-values> || ruby ]where <common-lig-values> = [ common-ligatures | no-common-ligatures ]<discretionary-lig-values> = [ discretionary-ligatures | no-discretionary-ligatures ]<historical-lig-values> = [ historical-ligatures | no-historical-ligatures ]<contextual-alt-values> = [ contextual | no-contextual ]<feature-value-name> = <custom-ident><numeric-figure-values> = [ lining-nums | oldstyle-nums ]<numeric-spacing-values> = [ proportional-nums | tabular-nums ]<numeric-fraction-values> = [ diagonal-fractions | stacked-fractions ]<east-asian-variant-values> = [ jis78 | jis83 | jis90 | jis04 | simplified | traditional ]<east-asian-width-values> = [ full-width | proportional-width ]
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p class="normal">Firefox rocks!</p>
<p class="small">Firefox rocks!</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
p.normal {
  font-variant: normal;
}
p.small {
  font-variant: small-caps;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-variant$samples/Example?revision=1366343' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

[Initial value]28552 "") | `normal` 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables).")and[`::first-line`]28554 "The ::first-line CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first line of a block-level element."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-variant&#39; in that specification.</small>]30204 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Made it a shorthand of the new`font-variant-*`properties. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-variant&#39; in that specification.</small>]30205 "") | Recommendation | No change 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-variant&#39; in that specification.</small>]30206 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`ß`→`SS` | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
`i`→`İ`and`ı`→`I` | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
Greek accented characters | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
CSS Fonts Module Level 3 shorthand | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9.1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>34 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9.3 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`text-transform`]33764 "The text-transform CSS property specifies how to capitalize an element's text. It can be used to make text appear in all-uppercase or all-lowercase, or with each word capitalized.")
* [`text-combine-upright`]32148 "The text-combine-upright CSS property specifies the combination of multiple characters into the space of a single character. If the combined text is wider than 1em, the user agent must fit the contents within 1em. The resulting composition is treated as a single upright glyph for layout and decoration. This property only has an effect in vertical writing modes.")
* [`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.")



