---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-tree-row
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The**`::-moz-tree-row`**CSS[pseudo-element]3563 "")is used to select rows and apply styles to tree rows.


## Associated elements<a name="Associated_elements"></a>

* `[treerow]36922 "treerow")`

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
treechildren::-moz-tree-row { style properties }

```

## Style properties<a name="Style_properties"></a>

* [`background`]28694 "The CSS background shorthand property lets you adjust all of the available background style options at once, including color image, origin and size, repeat method, and other features.")
* [`border`]29117 "The border CSS property is a shorthand property for setting all individual border property values at once: border-width, border-style, and border-color. As with all shorthand properties, any individual value that is not specified is set to its corresponding initial value. Importantly, border cannot be used to specify a custom value for border-image, but instead sets it to its initial value, i.e., none.")
* [`margin`]29241 "The margin CSS property sets the margin area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand that sets all individual margins at once: margin-top, margin-right, margin-bottom, and margin-left.")
* [`outline`]31389 "The outline CSS property is a shorthand property for setting one or more of the individual outline properties outline-style, outline-width, and outline-color in a single declaration.")
* [`padding`]29242 "The padding CSS property sets the padding area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand that sets all individual paddings at once: padding-top, padding-right, padding-bottom, and padding-left.")
* [`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")
* [`-moz-appearance`]32974 "The -moz-appearance CSS property is used in Gecko (Firefox) to display an element using platform-native styling based on the operating system's theme.")

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
treechildren::-moz-tree-row( foo bar )
{
    margin: 2%;
}
```


...where...


```
<treerow properties="foo">...</treerow>
```



