---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-smooth#Syntax
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`font-smooth`**[CSS](%28350 "CSS")property controls the application of anti-aliasing when fonts are rendered.


**[Initial value](%28552 "")** | `auto` 
**Applies to** | all elements and generated content 
**[Inherited](%28555 "")** | yes 
**Percentages** | relative to parent element&#39;s font size 
**Media** | [`visual`](%34216 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!") 
**[Computed value](%28556 "")** | as specified 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
font-smooth: auto;
font-smooth: never;
font-smooth: always;

/* <length> value */
font-smooth: 2em;
```


**WebKit**implements a similar property, but with different values:**`-webkit-font-smoothing`**. It only works on Mac OS X/macOS.


* `auto`- Let the browser decide (Uses subpixel anti-aliasing when available; this is the default)
* `none`- Turn font smoothing off; display text with jagged sharp edges.
* `antialiased`- Smooth the font on the level of the pixel, as opposed to the subpixel. Switching from subpixel rendering to antialiasing for light text on dark backgrounds makes it look lighter.
* `subpixel-antialiased`- On most non-retina displays, this will give the sharpest text.



**Firefox**implements a similar property, but with different values:**`-moz-osx-font-smoothing`**. It only works on Mac OS X/macOS.


* `auto`- Allow the browser to select an optimization for font smoothing, typically`grayscale`.
* `grayscale`- Render text with grayscale antialiasing, as opposed to the subpixel. Switching from subpixel rendering to antialiasing for light text on dark backgrounds makes it look lighter.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Though present in early (2002) drafts of[CSS3 Fonts](%37027 ""),`font-smooth`was removed and this specification is not on the standards track.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Firefox (Gecko) | Chrome | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 25.0<sup>[2]</sup> | 5.0<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support | 4.0<sup>[1]</sup> 





[1] A similar property is implemented in WebKit called`-webkit-font-smoothing`. It only works on Mac OS X/macOS.



[2] A similar property is implemented in Firefox called`-moz-osx-font-smoothing`. It only works on Mac OS X/macOS.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Please Stop &quot;Fixing&quot; Font Smoothing – UsabilityPost](%37028 "")
* [Laissez-faire font smoothing and anti-aliasing](%37029 "")



