---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Atomics/or
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45254 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]45255 "")版。</bdi>






The static`**Atomics**`**`.or()`**method computes a bitwise OR with a given value at a given position in the array, and returns the old value at that position. This atomic operation guarantees that no other write happens until the modified value is written back.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/js/atomics-or.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
Atomics.or(typedArray, index, value)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`typedArray`</dt><dd>A shared integer typed array. One of[`Int8Array`]40833 "The Int8Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 8-bit signed integers. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Uint8Array`]24033 "The Uint8Array typed array represents an array of 8-bit unsigned integers. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Int16Array`]40831 "The Int16Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 16-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Uint16Array`]40864 "The Uint16Array typed array represents an array of 16-bit unsigned integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."),[`Int32Array`]40832 "The Int32Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 32-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation)."), or[`Uint32Array`]40865 "The Uint32Array typed array represents an array of 32-bit unsigned integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).").</dd><dt id=''>`index`</dt><dd>The position in the`typedArray`to compute the bitwise OR.</dd><dt id=''>`value`</dt><dd>The number to compute the bitwise OR with.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


The old value at the given position (`typedArray[index]`).


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>

* Throws a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type."), if`typedArray`is not one of the allowed integer types.
* Throws a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type."), if`typedArray`is not a shared typed array type.
* Throws a[`RangeError`]40842 "The RangeError object indicates an error when a value is not in the set or range of allowed values."), if`index`is out of bounds in the`typedArray`.

## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The bitwise OR operation yields 1, if either`a`or`b`are 1. The truth table for the OR operation is:


`a` | `b` | `a | b` 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
0 | 0 | 0 
0 | 1 | 1 
1 | 0 | 1 
1 | 1 | 1 



For example, a bitwise OR of`5 & 1`results in`0101`which is 5 in decimal.


```
5  0101
1  0001
   ----
5  0101
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var sab = new SharedArrayBuffer(1024);
var ta = new Uint8Array(sab);
ta[0] = 2;

Atomics.or(ta, 0, 1); // returns 2, the old value
Atomics.load(ta, 0);  // 3
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript Latest Draft (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Atomics.or&#39; in that specification.</small>]45256 "") | Draft | Initial definition in ES2017. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>10.1 — ? | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Atomics`]40826 "The Atomics object provides atomic operations as static methods. They are used with SharedArrayBuffer objects.")
* [`Atomics.and()`]45244 "The static Atomics.and() method computes a bitwise AND with a given value at a given position in the array, and returns the old value at that position. This atomic operation guarantees that no other write happens until the modified value is written back.")
* [`Atomics.xor()`]45253 "The static Atomics.xor() method computes a bitwise XOR with a given value at a given position in the array, and returns the old value at that position. This atomic operation guarantees that no other write happens until the modified value is written back.")



