---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-width
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%35193#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`mask-border-width`**[CSS]427 "")property specifies the width of an element&#39;s[mask border]35190 "").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword value */
mask-border-width: auto;

/* <length> value */
mask-border-width: 1rem;

/* <percentage> value */
mask-border-width: 25%;

/* <number> value */
mask-border-width: 3;

/* vertical | horizontal */
mask-border-width: 2em 3em;

/* top | horizontal | bottom */
mask-border-width: 5% 15% 10%;

/* top | right | bottom | left */
mask-border-width: 5% 2em 10% auto;

/* Global values */
mask-border-width: inherit;
mask-border-width: initial;
mask-border-width: unset;
```


The`mask-border-width`property may be specified using one, two, three, or four values chosen from the list of values below.


* When**one**value is specified, it applies the same width to**all four sides**.
* When**two**values are specified, the first width applies to the**top and bottom**, the second to the**left and right**.
* When**three**values are specified, the first width applies to the**top**, the second to the**left and right**, the third to the**bottom**.
* When**four**values are specified, the widths apply to the**top**,**right**,**bottom**, and**left**in that order (clockwise).

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<length-percentage>`</dt><dd>The width of the mask border, specified as a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")or a[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size."). Percentages are relative to the*width*of the border area for horizontal offsets and the*height*of the border area for vertical offsets. Must not be negative.</dd><dt id=''>`<number>`</dt><dd>The width of the mask border, specified as a multiple of the corresponding[`border-width`]28810 "The border-width CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the widths on all four sides of an element's border."). Must not be negative.</dd><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The width of the mask border is made equal to the intrinsic width or height (whichever is applicable) of the corresponding[`mask-border-slice`]35192 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"). If the image does not have the required intrinsic dimension, the corresponding`border-width`is used instead.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <length-percentage> | <number> | auto ]{1,4}where <length-percentage> = <length> | <percentage>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Masking Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;mask-border-width&#39; in that specification.</small>]38396 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements; In SVG, it applies to container elements excluding the[`<defs>`]17543 "SVG allows graphical objects to be defined for later reuse. It is recommended that, wherever possible, referenced elements be defined inside of a <defs> element. Objects created inside a <defs> element are not rendered immediately; instead, think of them as templates or macros created for future use.")element and all graphics elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | relative to width/height of the mask border image area 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified, but with relative lengths converted into absolute lengths 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | per grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


TBD




