---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-repeat
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%35195#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`mask-border-repeat`**[CSS]427 "")property defines how the[edge regions]34137 "")of a source image are adjusted to fit the dimensions of an element&#39;s[mask border]35190 "").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword value */
mask-border-repeat: stretch;
mask-border-repeat: repeat;
mask-border-repeat: round;
mask-border-repeat: space;

/* vertical | horizontal */
mask-border-repeat: round stretch;

/* Global values */
mask-border-repeat: inherit;
mask-border-repeat: initial;
mask-border-repeat: unset;
```


The`mask-border-repeat`property may be specified using one or two values chosen from the list of values below.


* When**one**value is specified, it applies the same behavior on**all four sides**.
* When**two**values are specified, the first applies to the**top and bottom**, the second to the**left and right**.

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`stretch`</dt><dd>The source image&#39;s edge regions are stretched to fill the gap between each border.</dd><dt id=''>`repeat`</dt><dd>The source image&#39;s edge regions are tiled (repeated) to fill the gap between each border. Tiles may be clipped to achieve the proper fit.</dd><dt id=''>`round`</dt><dd>The source image&#39;s edge regions are tiled (repeated) to fill the gap between each border. Tiles may be stretched to achieve the proper fit.</dd><dt id=''>`space`</dt><dd>The source image&#39;s edge regions are tiled (repeated) to fill the gap between each border. Extra space will be distributed in between tiles to achieve the proper fit.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ stretch | repeat | round | space ]{1,2}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Masking Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;mask-border-repeat&#39; in that specification.</small>]38404 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `stretch` 
Applies to | all elements; In SVG, it applies to container elements excluding the[`<defs>`]17543 "SVG allows graphical objects to be defined for later reuse. It is recommended that, wherever possible, referenced elements be defined inside of a <defs> element. Objects created inside a <defs> element are not rendered immediately; instead, think of them as templates or macros created for future use.")element and all graphics elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | per grammar 



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


TBD




