---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/mask-border-outset
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%35194#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`mask-border-outset`**[CSS]427 "")property specifies the distance by which an element&#39;s[mask border]35190 "")is set out from its border box.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* <length> value */
mask-border-outset: 1rem;

/* <number> value */
mask-border-outset: 1.5;

/* vertical | horizontal */
mask-border-outset: 1 1.2;

/* top | horizontal | bottom */
mask-border-outset: 30px 2 45px;

/* top | right | bottom | left */
mask-border-outset: 7px 12px 14px 5px;

/* Global values */
mask-border-outset: inherit;
mask-border-outset: initial;
mask-border-outset: unset;
```


The`mask-border-outset`property may be specified as one, two, three, or four values. Each value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")or[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."). Negative values are invalid.


* When**one**value is specified, it applies the same outset to**all four sides**.
* When**two**values are specified, the first outset applies to the**top and bottom**, the second to the**left and right**.
* When**three**values are specified, the first outset applies to the**top**, the second to the**left and right**, the third to the**bottom**.
* When**four**values are specified, the outsets apply to the**top**,**right**,**bottom**, and**left**in that order (clockwise).

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>The size of the mask border outset as a dimension.</dd><dt id=''>[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")</dt><dd>The size of the mask border outset as a multiple of the corresponding[`border-width`]28810 "The border-width CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the widths on all four sides of an element's border.").</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <length> | <number> ]{1,4}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Masking Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;mask-border-outset&#39; in that specification.</small>]38400 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `0` 
Applies to | all elements; In SVG, it applies to container elements excluding the[`<defs>`]17543 "SVG allows graphical objects to be defined for later reuse. It is recommended that, wherever possible, referenced elements be defined inside of a <defs> element. Objects created inside a <defs> element are not rendered immediately; instead, think of them as templates or macros created for future use.")element and all graphics elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified, but with relative lengths converted into absolute lengths 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | per grammar 



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


TBD




