---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:visited
---





The**`:visited`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-class]29799 "Pseudo-classes")represents links that the user has already visited. For privacy reasons, the styles that can be modified using this selector are very limited.


```
/* Selects any <a> that has been visited */
a:visited {
  color: green;
}
```


Styles defined by the`:visited`pseudo-class will be overridden by any subsequent link-related pseudo-class ([`:link`]34516 "The :link CSS pseudo-class represents an element that has not yet been visited. It matches every unvisited <a>, <area>, or <link> element that has an href attribute."),[`:hover`]34496 "The :hover CSS pseudo-class matches when the user interacts with an element with a pointing device, but does not necessarily activate it. It is generally triggered when the user hovers over an element with the cursor (mouse pointer)."), or[`:active`]34499 "The :active CSS pseudo-class represents an element (such as a button) that is being activated by the user.")) that has at least equal specificity. To style links appropriately, put the`:visited`rule after the`:link`rule but before the`:hover`and`:active`rules, as defined by the*LVHA-order*:`:link`—`:visited`—`:hover`—`:active`.


## Styling restrictions<a name="Styling_restrictions"></a>


For privacy reasons, browsers strictly limit which styles you can apply using this pseudo-class, and how they can be used:


* Allowable CSS properties are[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color."),[`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element."),[`border-color`]28869 "The border-color CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the colors on all four sides of an element's border."),[`border-bottom-color`]28830 "The border-bottom-color CSS property sets the color of an element's bottom border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-bottom are more convenient and preferable."),[`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable."),[`border-right-color`]28829 "The border-right-color CSS property sets the color of an element's right border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties  border-color or border-right are more convenient and preferable."),[`border-top-color`]28828 "The border-top-color CSS property sets the color of an element's top border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-top are more convenient and preferable."),[`column-rule-color`]29460 "The column-rule-color CSS property sets the color of the rule (line) drawn between columns in a multi-column layout."), and[`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline.").
* Allowable SVG attributes are`[fill]37987 "")`and`[stroke]37988 "")`.
* The alpha component of the allowed styles will be ignored. The alpha component of the element&#39;s non-`:visited`state will be used instead, except when that component is`0`, in which case the style set in`:visited`will be ignored entirely.
* Although these styles can be change the appearance of colors to the end user, the[`window.getComputedStyle`]33777 "The Window.getComputedStyle() method returns an object that reports the values of all CSS properties of an element after applying active stylesheets and resolving any basic computation those values may contain.  Individual CSS property values are accessed through APIs provided by the object or by simply indexing with CSS property names.")method will lie and always return the value of the non-`:visited`color.


**Note:**For more information on these limitations and the reasons behind them, see[Privacy and the :visited selector]32582 "/en-US/docs/CSS/Privacy_and_the_:visited_selector").



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
:visited
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


Properties that would otherwise have no color or be transparent cannot be modified with`:visited`. Of the properties that can be set with this pseudo-class, your browser probably has a default value for`color`and`column-rule-color`only. Thus, if you want to modify the other properties, you&#39;ll need to give them a base value outside the`:visited`selector.


### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<a href="#test-visited-link">Have you visited this link yet?</a><br>
<a href="">You've already visited this link.</a>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
a {
  /* Specify non-transparent defaults to certain properties,
     allowing them to be styled with the :visited state */
  background-color: white;
  border: 1px solid white;
}

a:visited {
  background-color: yellow;
  border-color: hotpink;
  color: hotpink;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:visited$samples/Example?revision=1346248' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:visited&#39; in that specification.</small>]37989 "") | Living Standard |  
[Selectors Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:visited&#39; in that specification.</small>]30783 "") | Working Draft | No change. 
[Selectors Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:visited&#39; in that specification.</small>]30784 "") | Recommendation | No change. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:visited&#39; in that specification.</small>]30785 "") | Recommendation | Lifts the restriction to only apply`:visited`to the[`<a>`]24205 "The HTML <a> element (or anchor element) creates a hyperlink to other web pages, files, locations within the same page, email addresses, or any other URL.")element. Lets browsers restrict its behavior for privacy reasons. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:visited&#39; in that specification.</small>]28378 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9.3 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
Restrict CSS properties allowed in a statement using`:visited`for privacy | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Privacy and the :visited selector]32582 "/en-US/docs/CSS/Privacy_and_the_:visited_selector")
* Link-related pseudo-classes:[`:link`]34516 "The :link CSS pseudo-class represents an element that has not yet been visited. It matches every unvisited <a>, <area>, or <link> element that has an href attribute."),[`:active`]34499 "The :active CSS pseudo-class represents an element (such as a button) that is being activated by the user."),[`:hover`]34496 "The :hover CSS pseudo-class matches when the user interacts with an element with a pointing device, but does not necessarily activate it. It is generally triggered when the user hovers over an element with the cursor (mouse pointer).")



