---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MediaStreamTrackEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15027 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15028 "")版。</bdi>






The**`MediaStreamTrackEvent`**interface represents events which indicate that a[`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack.")has had tracks added to or removed from the stream through calls to[Media Stream API]5049 "")methods. These events are sent to the stream when these changes occur.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaStreamTrackEvent$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1375043' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Also inherits properties from its parent interface,[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events.").</em>

<dl><dt>`track`Read only</dt><dd>A[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.")object representing the track which was added to the stream.</dd></dl>
## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MediaStreamTrackEvent()`]15029 "The MediaStreamTrackEvent() constructor returns a newly created MediaStreamTrackEvent object, which represents an event announcing that a MediaStreamTrack has been added to or removed from a MediaStream.")</dt><dd>Constructs a new`MediaStreamTrackEvent`with the specified configuration.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Also inherits methods from its parent[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Media Capture and Streams<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;MediaStreamTrackEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]15030 "") | Candidate Recommendation |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`MediaStreamTrackEvent`constructor]15031 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`track`]15032 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* `[addtrack]15033 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/addtrack")`and`[removetrack]15034 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/removetrack")`events
* [`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack.")
* [`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.")
* [Media Streams API]5049 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Event]4963 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Media Streams API]5057 "")
* [MediaStreamTrackEvent]15035 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Streams]4399 "")
* [track]15036 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Apr 17, 2018, 2:13:10 PM</time>


