---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MediaTrackSupportedConstraints
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15104 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]5053 "")版。</bdi>






The**`MediaTrackSupportedConstraints`**dictionary establishes the list of constrainable properties recognized by the[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")or browser in its implementation of the[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.")object. An object conforming to`MediaTrackSupportedConstraints`is returned by[`MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints()`]14987 "The getSupportedConstraints() method of the MediaDevices interface returns an object based on the MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary, whose member fields each specify one of the constrainable properties the user agent understands.").



Because of the way interface definitions in WebIDL work, if a constraint is requested but not supported, no error will occur. Instead, the specified constraints will be applied, with any unrecognized constraints stripped from the request.That can lead to confusing and hard to debug errors, so be sure to use`getSupportedConstraints()`to retrieve this information before attempting to establish constraints if you need to know the difference between silently ignoring a constraint and a constraint being accepted.



An actual constraint set is described using an object based on the[`MediaTrackConstraints`]5051 "The MediaTrackConstraints dictionary is used to describe a set of capabilities and the value or values each can take on. A constraints dictionary is passed into applyConstraints() to allow a script to establish a set of exact (required) values or ranges and/or preferred values or ranges of values for the track, and the most recently-requested set of custom constraints can be retrieved by calling getConstraints().")dictionary.



To learn more about how constraints work, see[Capabilities, constraints, and settings]5050 "").


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


Some combination—but not necessarily all—of the following properties will exist on the object.

<dl><dt>[`autoGainControl`]15105 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's autoGainControl property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the autoGainControl constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean whose value is`true`if the`[autoGainControl]15106 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`width`]15107 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's width property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the width constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[width]15108 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`height`]15109 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's height property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the height constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[height]15110 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`aspectRatio`]15111 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's aspectRatio property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the aspectRatio constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[aspectRatio]15112 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`frameRate`]15113 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's frameRate property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the frameRate constraint.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[frameRate]15114 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`facingMode`]15115 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's facingMode property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the facingMode constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[facingMode]15116 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`volume`]15117 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's volume property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the volume constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[volume]15118 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`sampleRate`]15119 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's sampleRate property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the sampleRate constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[sampleRate]15120 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`sampleSize`]15121 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's sampleSize property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the sampleSize constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[sampleSize]15122 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`echoCancellation`]15123 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's echoCancellation property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the echoCancellation constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[echoCancellation]15124 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`latency`]15125 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's latency property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the latency constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[latency]15126 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`noiseSuppression`]15127 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's noiseSuppression property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the noiseSuppression constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean whose value is`true`if the`[noiseSuppression]15128 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`channelCount`]15129 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's channelCount property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the channelCount constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[channelCount]15130 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`deviceId`]15131 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's deviceId property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the deviceId constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[deviceId]15132 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd><dt>[`groupId`]15133 "The MediaTrackSupportedConstraints dictionary's groupId property is a read-only Boolean value which is present (and set to true) in the object returned by MediaDevices.getSupportedConstraints() if and only if the user agent supports the groupId constraint. If the constraint isn't supported, it's not included in the list, so this value will never be false.")</dt><dd>A Boolean value whose value is`true`if the`[groupId]15134 "")`constraint is supported in the current environment.</dd></dl>
## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`MediaTrackConstraints`]5051 "The MediaTrackConstraints dictionary is used to describe a set of capabilities and the value or values each can take on. A constraints dictionary is passed into applyConstraints() to allow a script to establish a set of exact (required) values or ranges and/or preferred values or ranges of values for the track, and the most recently-requested set of custom constraints can be retrieved by calling getConstraints().")
* [`MediaDevices.getUserMedia()`]14533 "The MediaDevices getUserMedia() method prompts the user for permission to use a media input which produces a MediaStream with tracks containing the requested types of media.")
* [`MediaStreamTrack.getConstraints()`]14985 "The getConstraints() method of the MediaStreamTrack interface returns a MediaTrackConstraints object containing the set of constraints most recently established for the track using a prior call to applyConstraints(). These constraints indicate values and ranges of values that the Web site or application has specified are required or acceptable for the included constrainable properties.")
* [`MediaStreamTrack.applyConstraints()`]14986 "The applyConstraints() method of the MediaStreamTrack interface applies a set of constraints to the track; these constraints let the Web site or app establish ideal values and acceptable ranges of values for the constrainable properties of the track, such as frame rate, dimensions, echo cancelation, and so forth.")
* [`MediaStreamTrack.getSettings()`]14988 "The getSettings() method of the MediaStreamTrack interface returns a MediaTrackSettings object containing the current values of each of the constrainable properties for the current MediaStreamTrack.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Constraints]5055 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media Capture and Streams API]5056 "")
* [Media Streams API]5057 "")
* [MediaTrackSupportedConstraints]15135 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Aug 2, 2017, 5:03:33 PM</time>


