---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Metadata
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15184 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15185 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2907#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The**`Metadata`**interface is used by the File and Directory Entries API to contain information about a file system entry. This metadata includes the file&#39;s size and modification date and time.



This interface isn&#39;t available through the global scope; instead, you obtain a`Metadata`object describing a[`FileSystemEntry`]11164 "The FileSystemEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a single in a file system. The entry can be a file or a directory (directories are represented by the DirectoryEntry interface). It includes methods for working with files—including copying, moving, removing, and reading files—as well as information about a file it points to—including the file name and its path from the root to the entry.")using the method[`FileSystemEntry.getMetadata()`]11181 "The FileSystemEntry interface's method getMetadata() obtains a Metadata object with information about the file system entry, such as its modification date and time and its size.").



## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`modificationTime`]15187 "The read-only modificationTime property of the Metadata interface is a Date object which specifies the date and time the file system entry (or the data referenced by the entry) was last modified.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`Date`]10838 "Creates a JavaScript Date instance that represents a single moment in time. Date objects are based on a time value that is the number of milliseconds since 1 January 1970 UTC.")object indicating the date and time the entry was modified.</dd></dl><dl><dt>[`size`]15188 "The read-only size property of the Metadata interface specifies the size, in bytes, of the referenced file or other file system object on disk.")Read only</dt><dd>A 64-bit unsigned integer indicating the size of the entry in bytes.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[File and Directory Entries API]11146 "The 'File and Directory Entries API' specification") | Draft | Draft of proposed API 



This API has no official W3C or WHATWG specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 13[webkit]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'webkit' as this browser considers it experimental") | No support | No support | No support | No support 





## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [File and Directory Entries API]6832 "")
* [Introduction to the File System API]11153 "")
* [`FileSystemEntry`]11164 "The FileSystemEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a single in a file system. The entry can be a file or a directory (directories are represented by the DirectoryEntry interface). It includes methods for working with files—including copying, moving, removing, and reading files—as well as information about a file it points to—including the file name and its path from the root to the entry.")
* [`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file.")and[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [File and Directory Entries API]11166 "")
* [File System API]7246 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [metadata]15189 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Offline]4708 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Sep 22, 2016, 2:19:10 AM</time>


