---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MimeTypeArray
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15200 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15201 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]15202 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`MimeTypeArray`**interface returns an array of[`MimeType`]15203 "The MimeType interface provides contains information about a MIME type associated with a particular plugin. NavigatorPlugins.mimeTypes returns an array of this object.")instances, each of which contains information about a supported browser plugins. This object is returned by[`NavigatorPlugins.mimeTypes`]15204 "Returns a MimeTypeArray object, which contains a list of MimeType objects representing the MIME types recognized by the browser.").


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MimeTypeArray.length`]15205 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>The number of items in the array.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`MimeTypeArray.item()`]15206 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns the`MimeType`object with the specified index.</dd><dt>[`MimeTypeArray.namedItem()`]15207 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns the`MimeType`object with the specified name.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following example tests whether a plugin is available for the application/pdf mime type and if so, which plugin that is.


```
var mimeTypes = navigator.MimeType;
var flashPlugin = mimeTypes['video/x-flv'];
if (typeof flashPlugin === "undefined") {
  var vid = document.createElement('video');
  // Use vid.canPlayType() to test for a supported mime type.
} else {
  // Notify the user that flash is being deprecated and they
  //   should upgrade their browser.
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;MimeTypeArray&#39; in that specification.</small>]15208 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | (Yes) | ? | ? | ? | ? 
Method parameters change from optional to required. | 59 | ? | ? | ? | ? 







## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [mimeType]15209 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[jpmedley]3413 ""),<time>Jul 19, 2017, 10:42:39 AM</time>


