---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MsAudioCategory
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15263 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15264 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.








The`**msAudioCategory**`property of the HTML[&lt;audio&gt;]13227 "")element, is a read/write proprietary attribute, specific to Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge.



`**msAudioCategory**`specifies the purpose of the audio or video media, such as background audio or alerts.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
<audio controls="controls" msaudiocategory="BackgroundCapableMedia">  </audio>
```


The`msAudioCategory`property offers a variety of values that can enhance the behavior of your audio-aware app.



Note that you must set the`msAudioCategory`before setting the[`src`]13227 "")property in code.






## Value<a name="Value"></a>


Include a description of the property&#39;s value, including data type and what it represents.

Value | Description | Background Capable? 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Alert | Looping or longer running alert sounds:
* Alarms
* Ring tones
* Ringing notification
* Sounds that need to attenuate existing audio | No 
BackgroundCapableMedia | For audio that needs to continue playing in the background. Examples include the following local media playback scenarios:
* Local playlist
* Streaming radio
* Streaming playlist
* Music videos
* Streaming audio/radio, YouTube, Netflix, etc. | Yes 
Communications | For streaming communication audio such as the following:
* VOIP
* Real time chat or other type of phone calls
Should not be used in non-real-time or non-communication scenarios, such as audio and/or video playback, as playback startup latency is affected. *Note that if`msAudioCategory`is set to<em>Communications</em>,[msRealtime]15265 "")is automatically set to true. | Yes 
ForeGroundOnlyMedia | * Games or other sounds designed only to work in the foreground, but will mute existing background media sounds.
* Game audio needed for the game experience (dancing games, music games)
* Feature films (designed to pause when they go to the background) | No 
GameEffects | * Game sound effects designed to mix with existing audio
* Characters talking
* All non-music sounds | No 
GameMedia | Background music played by a game | No 
SoundEffects | * Game or other sound effects designed to mix with existing audio:
* Characters talking
* Beeps, dings, brief sounds | No 
Other | Default audio type, and recommended for all audio media that does not need to continue playing in the background. | No 







If[`msAudioDeviceType`]15266 "")is not explicitly set,`msAudioDeviceType`will be set to<em>Communications</em>.



For hardware audio offload to be automatically applied, the audio category must be set to<em>ForegroundOnlyMedia</em>or<em>BackgroundCapableMedia</em>. Hardware audio offload optimizes audio rendering which can improve functionality and battery life.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
<audio msAudioCategory="BackgroundCapableMedia" controls="controls"> 
<source src="song.mp3"/> 
</audio>
```



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[mattwojo]14635 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 "")
**最后编辑者:**[mattwojo]14635 ""),<time>Jun 21, 2018, 4:03:41 PM</time>


