---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MsAudioDeviceType
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%15267 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%15266 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The`**msAudioDeviceType**`property of the HTML[&lt;audio&gt;](%13227 "")element, is a read/write proprietary attribute, specific to Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge.



`**msAudioDeviceType**`specifies the output device id that the audio will be sent to.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
<audio src="sound.mp3" msAudioDeviceType="Communications" />
```


By default, audio on your system will output to your default speakers and be considered a foreground element, meaning that the audio will play only when the element is active in the app. For real-time communications, you can use the`msAudioDeviceType`property with the value`Console`,`Multimedia`, or`Communications`to specify where the current audio should output.






## Value<a name="Value"></a>


Include a description of the property&#39;s value, including data type and what it represents.

Value | Description 
 ---  |  ---  | 
Console | Specifies that the audio output will be sent to the console device. 
Multimedia | Specifies that the audio output will be sent to the multimedia device. 
Communications | Specifies that the audio output will be sent to the communications device. 








## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [msAudioDeviceType](%15268 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[mattwojo](%14635 ""),[erikadoyle](%3894 "")
**最后编辑者:**[mattwojo](%14635 ""),<time>Jun 26, 2018, 11:30:20 AM</time>


