---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MsIsLayoutOptimalForPlayback
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%15294 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%15295 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




`**msIsLayoutOptimalForPlayback**`is a read-only property which indicates whether the video can be rendered more efficiently.



This proprietary property is specific to Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
 
ptr = object.msIsLayoutOptimalForPlayback;


```

## Value<a name="Value"></a>


Boolean value set to<em>true</em>indicates that video is being rendered optimally (better performance and using less battery power). If<em>false</em>, improvements can be made to optimize performance.



For`msIsLayoutOptimalForPlayback`to be true, avoid the following:


* Video elements with Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) outlines set.
* Rendering a video element through a canvas element.
* Embedding video elements in a Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG).


You can listen to the[onMSVideoOptimalLayoutChanged](%15296 "")event to be notified when the`msIsLayoutOptimalForPlayback`property changes.



*To enable Stereo 3D playback,`msIsLayoutOptimalForPlayback`must be true.




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [msIsLayoutOptimalForPlayback](%15297 "")
* [onMSVideoOptimalLayoutChanged](%15298 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[mattwojo](%14635 ""),[erikadoyle](%3894 "")
**最后编辑者:**[mattwojo](%14635 ""),<time>Jun 26, 2018, 1:27:08 PM</time>


