---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/MutationObserverInit
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15369 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15370 "")版。</bdi>






The**`MutationObserverInit`**dictionary describes the configuration of a mutation observer. As such, it&#39;s primarily used as the type of the`options`parameter on the[`MutationObserver.observe()`]15371 "The MutationObserver method observe() configures the MutationObserver callback to begin receiving notifications of changes to the DOM that match the given options.")method.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


At a minimum, one of`childList`,`attributes`, and/or`characterData`must be`true`when you call[`observe()`]15371 "The MutationObserver method observe() configures the MutationObserver callback to begin receiving notifications of changes to the DOM that match the given options."). Otherwise, a`TypeError`exception will be thrown.

<dl><dt>[`attributeFilter`]15372 "The MutationObserverInit dictionary's optional attributeFilter property is an array of strings specifying the names of the attributes whose values are to be monitored for changes.")Optional</dt><dd>An array of specific attribute names to be monitored. If this property isn&#39;t included, changes to all attributes cause mutation notifications. No default value.</dd><dt>[`attributeOldValue`]15373 "The MutationObserverInit dictionary's optional attributeOldValue property is used to specify whether or not to record the prior value of the altered attribute in MutationRecord objects denoting attribute value changes.")Optional</dt><dd>Set to`true`to record the previous value of any attribute that changes when monitoring the node or nodes for attribute changes; see[Monitoring attribute values]15374 "The MutationObserver interface provides the ability to watch for changes being made to the DOM tree. It is designed as a replacement for the older Mutation Events feature which was part of the DOM3 Events specification.")in[MutationObserver]14503 "The MutationObserver interface provides the ability to watch for changes being made to the DOM tree. It is designed as a replacement for the older Mutation Events feature which was part of the DOM3 Events specification.")for details on watching for attribute changes and value recording. No default value.</dd><dt>[`attributes`]15375 "The MutationObserverInit dictionary's optional attributes property is used to specify whether or not to watch for attribute value changes on the node or nodes being observed.")Optional</dt><dd>Set to`true`to watch for changes to the value of attributes on the node or nodes being monitored. The default value is`false`.</dd><dt>[`characterData`]15376 "The MutationObserverInit dictionary's optional characterData property is used to specify whether or not to monitor the node or nodes being observed for changes to their textual contents.")Optional</dt><dd>Set to`true`to monitor the specified target node or subtree for changes to the character data contained within the node or nodes. No default value.</dd><dt>[`characterDataOldValue`]15377 "The MutationObserverInit dictionary's optional characterDataOldValue property is used to specify whether or not the MutationRecord.oldValue property for DOM mutations should be set to the previous value of text nodes which changed.")Optional</dt><dd>Set to`true`to record the previous value of a node&#39;s text whenever the text changes on nodes being monitored. For details and an example, see[Monitoring text content changes]15378 "The MutationObserver interface provides the ability to watch for changes being made to the DOM tree. It is designed as a replacement for the older Mutation Events feature which was part of the DOM3 Events specification.")in[MutationObserver]14503 "The MutationObserver interface provides the ability to watch for changes being made to the DOM tree. It is designed as a replacement for the older Mutation Events feature which was part of the DOM3 Events specification."). No default value.</dd><dt>[`childList`]15379 "The MutationObserverInit dictionary's optional childList property indicates whether or not to monitor the specified node or nodes for the addition or removal of new child nodes.")Optional</dt><dd>Set to`true`to monitor the target node (and, if`subtree`is`true`, its descendants) for the addition or removal of new child nodes. The default is`false`.</dd><dt>[`subtree`]15380 "The MutationObserverInit dictionary's optional subtree property can be set to true to monitor the targeted node and all of its descendants.")Optional</dt><dd>Set to`true`to extend monitoring to the entire subtree of nodes rooted at`target`. All of the other`MutationObserverInit`properties are then extended to all of the nodes in the subtree instead of applying solely to the`target`node. The default value is`false`.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[DOM<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;MutationObserverInit&#39; in that specification.</small>]15381 "") | Living Standard |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`attributeFilter`]15382 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`attributeOldValue`]15383 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`attributes`]15384 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`characterData`]15385 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`characterDataOldValue`]15386 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`childList`]15387 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`subtree`]15388 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Configuration]3842 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [DOM WHATWG]15389 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [mutation]15390 "")
* [Mutation Observer]15391 "")
* [Mutation Observer API]15392 "")
* [MutationObserver]15393 "")
* [MutationObserverInit]15394 "")
* [Observer]15395 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Jun 27, 2018, 1:51:20 AM</time>


