---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/NavigatorStorage
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]15565 "")。






**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers](%2952#Browser_compatibility "").




The**`NavigatorStorage`**[mixin]4305 "mixin: A mixin is a class or interface in which some or all of its methods and/or properties are unimplemented, requiring that another class or interface provide the missing implementations.")adds to the[`Navigator`]15539 "The Navigator interface represents the state and the identity of the user agent. It allows scripts to query it and to register themselves to carry on some activities.")and[`WorkerNavigator`]15543 "The WorkerNavigator interface represents a subset of the Navigator interface allowed to be accessed from a Worker. Such an object is initialized for each worker and is available via the WorkerGlobalScope.navigator property obtained by calling window.self.navigator.")interfaces the[`Navigator.storage`]15567 "The NavigatorStorage.storage read-only property returns the singleton StorageManager object used to access the overall storage capabilities of the browser for the current site or app. The returned object lets you examine and configure persistence of data stores and learn approximately how much more space your browser has available for local storage use.")property, which provides access to the[`StorageManager`]15568 "The StorageManager interface of the the Storage API provides an interface for managing persistance permissions and estimating available storage. You can get a reference to this interface using either navigator.storage or WorkerNavigator.storage.")singleton used for controlling the persistence of data stores as well as obtaining information

**Note:**This feature is available in[Web Workers]4334 "").


There are many APIs which provide ways for Web content to store data on a user&#39;s computer, including[cookies]15569 "The definition of that term (cookies) has not been written yet; please consider contributing it!"), the Web Storage API ([`Window.localStorage`]15570 "The read-only localStorage property allows you to access a Storage object for the Document's origin; the stored data is saved across browser sessions.")and[`Window.sessionStorage`]15571 "The sessionStorage property allows you to access a session Storage object for the current origin. sessionStorage is similar to Window.localStorage; the only difference is while data stored in localStorage has no expiration set, data stored in sessionStorage gets cleared when the page session ends. A page session lasts for as long as the browser is open and survives over page reloads and restores. Opening a page in a new tab or window will cause a new session to be initiated, which differs from how session cookies work.")), and[IndexedDB]13850 ""). The Storage Standard is designed to serve as a common basis for the implementation of all of those APIs and storage technologies, so that their constraints and configurations can be understood and controlled using a common set of methods and properties.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`storage`]15572 "The NavigatorStorage.storage read-only property returns the singleton StorageManager object used to access the overall storage capabilities of the browser for the current site or app. ")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the[`StorageManager`]15568 "The StorageManager interface of the the Storage API provides an interface for managing persistance permissions and estimating available storage. You can get a reference to this interface using either navigator.storage or WorkerNavigator.storage.")singleton object which is used to access the Storage Manager. Through the returned object, you can control persistence of data stores as well as get estimates of how much space is left for your site or appliation to store data.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>The`NavigatorStorage`</em><em>mixin has no methods.</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Storage]15573 "The 'Storage' specification") | Living Standard | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`storage`]15574 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Navigator`]15539 "The Navigator interface represents the state and the identity of the user agent. It allows scripts to query it and to register themselves to carry on some activities.")
* [`navigator.storage`]15567 "The NavigatorStorage.storage read-only property returns the singleton StorageManager object used to access the overall storage capabilities of the browser for the current site or app. The returned object lets you examine and configure persistence of data stores and learn approximately how much more space your browser has available for local storage use.")
* [`WorkerNavigator`]15543 "The WorkerNavigator interface represents a subset of the Navigator interface allowed to be accessed from a Worker. Such an object is initialized for each worker and is available via the WorkerGlobalScope.navigator property obtained by calling window.self.navigator.")
* [`StorageManager`]15568 "The StorageManager interface of the the Storage API provides an interface for managing persistance permissions and estimating available storage. You can get a reference to this interface using either navigator.storage or WorkerNavigator.storage.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Mixin]15575 "")
* [Navigator]15545 "")
* [NavigatorStorage]15576 "")
* [NeedsTranslation]4036 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Secure context]15577 "")
* [Storage]4710 "")
* [Storage Standard]15578 "")
* [TopicStub]4037 "")
* [WorkerNavigator]15550 "")

**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 3:21:21 AM</time>


