---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Notation
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15676 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15677 "")版。</bdi>






**Draft**<br></br>This page is not complete.




**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.





Represents a DTD notation (read-only). May declare format of an unparsed entity or formally declare the document&#39;s processing instruction targets. Inherits methods and properties from[`Node`]15678 "En/DOM/Node"). Its`[nodeName]15679 "En/DOM/Node/NodeName")`is the notation name. Has no parent.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`Notation.publicId`]15680 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.").</dd><dt>[`Notation.systemId`]15681 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.").</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Notation&#39; in that specification.</small>]15682 "") | Obsolete | No change 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Core Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Notation&#39; in that specification.</small>]15683 "") | Obsolete | No change 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Notation&#39; in that specification.</small>]15684 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | ? | No support | No support | No support | ? | ? 






## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[stevenwdv]6550 ""),[SphinxKnight]191 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Brettz9]5522 "")
**最后编辑者:**[stevenwdv]6550 ""),<time>Jun 5, 2017, 1:33:50 PM</time>


