---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/OES_texture_float
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15742 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15743 "")版。</bdi>






The`**OES_texture_float**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and exposes floating-point pixel types for textures.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is only available to[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")contexts. In[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), the functionality of this extension is available on the WebGL2 context by default.



## Extended methods<a name="Extended_methods"></a>


This extension extends[`WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D()`]10058 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional texture image.")and[`WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D()`]10059 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a sub-rectangle of the current texture."):


* The`type`parameter now accepts`gl.FLOAT`.
* The`pixels`parameter now accepts an`ArrayBufferView`of type[`Float32Array`]6055 "The Float32Array typed array represents an array of 32-bit floating point numbers (corresponding to the C float data type) in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).").

## Limitation: Linear filtering<a name="Limitation_Linear_filtering"></a>


Linear filtering on floating-point textures is not allowed with this extension. If you set the magnification or minification filter in the[`WebGLRenderingContext.texParameter()`]15744 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texParameter[fi]() methods of the WebGL API set texture parameters.")method to one of`gl.LINEAR`,`gl.LINEAR_MIPMAP_NEAREST`,`gl.NEAREST_MIPMAP_LINEAR`, or`gl.LINEAR_MIPMAP_LINEAR`, and use floating-point textures, the texture will be marked as incomplete.



To use linear filtering on floating-point textures, enable the[`OES_texture_float_linear`]15745 "The OES_texture_float_linear extension is part of the WebGL API and allows linear filtering with floating-point pixel types for textures.")extension in addition to this extension.


## Floating-point color buffers<a name="Floating-point_color_buffers"></a>


This extension implicitly enables the[`WEBGL_color_buffer_float`]9923 "The WEBGL_color_buffer_float extension is part of the WebGL API and adds the ability to render to 32-bit floating-point color buffers.")extension (if supported), which allows rendering to 32-bit floating-point color buffers.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('OES_texture_float');

var texture = gl.createTexture();
gl.bindTexture(gl.TEXTURE_2D, texture);

gl.texImage2D(gl.TEXTURE_2D, 0, gl.RGBA, gl.RGBA, gl.FLOAT, image);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[OES_texture_float<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;OES_texture_float&#39; in that specification.</small>]15746 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D()`]10058 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional texture image.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D()`]10059 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a sub-rectangle of the current texture.")
* [`OES_texture_float_linear`]15745 "The OES_texture_float_linear extension is part of the WebGL API and allows linear filtering with floating-point pixel types for textures.")
* [`OES_texture_half_float`]9940 "The OES_texture_half_float extension is part of the WebGL API and adds texture formats with 16- (aka half float) and 32-bit floating-point components.")
* [`OES_texture_half_float_linear`]15747 "The OES_texture_half_float_linear extension is part of the WebGL API and allows linear filtering with half floating-point pixel types for textures.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[jdashg]15748 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[AHashem1]15749 "")
**最后编辑者:**[jdashg]15748 ""),<time>Jan 26, 2018, 1:23:52 PM</time>


