---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/OES_texture_half_float
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15752 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]9940 "")版。</bdi>






The`**OES_texture_half_float**`extension is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and adds texture formats with 16- (aka half float) and 32-bit floating-point components.



WebGL extensions are available using the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")method. For more information, see also[Using Extensions]9903 "")in the[WebGL tutorial]9904 "").



**Availability:**This extension is only available to[WebGL1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user.")contexts. In[WebGL2]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), the functionality of this extension is available on the WebGL2 context by default. The constant in WebGL2 is`gl.HALF_FLOAT`.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
<dl><dt>`ext.HALF_FLOAT_OES`</dt><dd>Half floating-point type (16-bit).</dd></dl>
## Extended methods<a name="Extended_methods"></a>


This extension extends[`WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D()`]10058 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional texture image.")and[`WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D()`]10059 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a sub-rectangle of the current texture."):


* The`type`parameter now accepts`ext.HALF_FLOAT_OES`.

## Limitation: Linear filtering<a name="Limitation_Linear_filtering"></a>


Linear filtering on half floating-point textures is not allowed with this extension. If you set the magnification or minification filter in the[`WebGLRenderingContext.texParameter()`]15744 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texParameter[fi]() methods of the WebGL API set texture parameters.")method to one of`gl.LINEAR`,`gl.LINEAR_MIPMAP_NEAREST`,`gl.NEAREST_MIPMAP_LINEAR`, or`gl.LINEAR_MIPMAP_LINEAR`, and use half floating-point textures, the texture will be marked as incomplete.



To use linear filtering on half floating-point textures, enable the[`OES_texture_half_float_linear`]15747 "The OES_texture_half_float_linear extension is part of the WebGL API and allows linear filtering with half floating-point pixel types for textures.")extension in addition to this extension.


## Half floating-point color buffers<a name="Half_floating-point_color_buffers"></a>


This extension implicitly enables the[`EXT_color_buffer_half_float`]9921 "The EXT_color_buffer_half_float extension is part of the WebGL API and adds the ability to render to 16-bit floating-point color buffers.")extension (if supported), which allows rendering to 16-bit floating point formats.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('OES_texture_half_float');

var texture = gl.createTexture();
gl.bindTexture(gl.TEXTURE_2D, texture);

gl.texImage2D(gl.TEXTURE_2D, 0, gl.RGBA, gl.RGBA, ext.HALF_FLOAT_OES, image);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[OES_texture_half_float<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;OES_texture_half_float&#39; in that specification.</small>]15753 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension()`]9902 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getExtension() method enables a WebGL extension.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D()`]10058 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a two-dimensional texture image.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D()`]10059 "The WebGLRenderingContext.texSubImage2D() method of the WebGL API specifies a sub-rectangle of the current texture.")
* [`OES_texture_float`]15743 "The OES_texture_float extension is part of the WebGL API and exposes floating-point pixel types for textures.")
* [`OES_texture_float_linear`]15745 "The OES_texture_float_linear extension is part of the WebGL API and allows linear filtering with floating-point pixel types for textures.")
* [`OES_texture_half_float_linear`]15747 "The OES_texture_half_float_linear extension is part of the WebGL API and allows linear filtering with half floating-point pixel types for textures.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[jdashg]15748 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[jdashg]15748 ""),<time>Jan 26, 2018, 1:23:21 PM</time>


