---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PaymentRequest
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15944 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15945 "")版。</bdi>






**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers]15946 "").




**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]15946 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`PaymentRequest`**interface of the[Payment Request API]4043 "")manages the process of making a payment between a web application and a end user.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentRequest()`]4047 "The PaymentRequest() constructor creates a new PaymentRequest object.")Secure context</dt><dd>Creates a new`PaymentRequest`object.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentRequest.id`]15947 "The id read-only attribute of the PaymentRequest interface returns a unique identifier for a particular PaymentRequest instance.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns an identifier (UUID) generated by`PaymentResponse()`constructor, or a custom identifier set via`details.id`.</dd><dt>[`PaymentRequest.shippingAddress`]15948 "The shippingAddress read-only property of the PaymentRequest interface returns the shipping address provided by the user. It is null by default.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>If requested via payment options, returns the shipping address chosen by the user for the purposes of calculating shipping. This property is only populated if the constructor is called with the`requestShipping`flag set to true. Additionally, in some browsers, the parts of the address will be redacted for privacy until the user indicates they are ready to complete the transaction (i.e., they hit &quot;Pay&quot;).</dd><dt>[`PaymentRequest.shippingOption`]15949 "The shippingOption read-only attribute of the PaymentRequest interface returns either the id of a selected shipping option, null (if no shipping option was set to be selected) or a shipping option selected by the user. It is initially null by when no "selected" shipping options are provided.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the identifier of the selected shipping option. This property is only populated if the constructor is called with the`requestShipping`flag set to true.</dd><dt>[`PaymentRequest.shippingType`]15950 "The shippingType read-only property of the PaymentRequest interface returns one of "shipping", "delivery", "pickup", or null if one was not provided by the constructor.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the type of shipping used to fulfill the transaction. This will be one of`'shipping'`,`'delivery'`,`'pickup'`, or null if a value was not provided in the constructor.</dd></dl>
### Event Handlers<a name="Event_Handlers"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentRequest.onshippingaddresschange`]15951 "The onshippingaddresschange event of the PaymentRequest interface is fired whenever the user changes their shipping address, including when an address is added by the user for the first time.")Secure context</dt><dd>Dispatched whenever the user changes their shipping address.</dd><dt>[`PaymentRequest.onshippingoptionchange`]15952 "The onshippingoptionchange event of the PaymentRequest interface is fired whenever the user changes a shipping option.")Secure context</dt><dd>Dispatched whenever the user changes a shipping option.</dd><dt>[`PaymentRequest.onpaymentmethodchange`]15953 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Secure context</dt><dd>With some payment handlers (e.g., ApplePay), dispatched whenever the user changes payment instrument, like swiching from a credit card to a debit card.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentRequest.canMakePayment()`]15954 "The PaymentRequest.canMakePayment() method of the PaymentRequest interface indicates whether the PaymentRequest object can make a payment before calling show(). It returns a Promise resolves to true if the user agent supports any of the payment methods supplied to the constructor, and false otherwise. if this method is called too often, the spec allows the user agents to return a promise rejected with a DOMException.")Secure context</dt><dd>Indicates whether the`PaymentRequest`object can make a payment before calling`show()`.</dd></dl><dl><dt>[`PaymentRequest.show()`]4048 "The PaymentRequest interface's show() method instructs the user agent to begin the process of showing and handling the user interface for the payment request to the user.")Secure context</dt><dd>Causes the user agent to begin the user interaction for the payment request.</dd><dt>[`PaymentRequest.abort()`]15955 "The PaymentRequest.abort() method of the PaymentRequest interface causes the user agent to end the payment request and to remove any user interface that might be shown.")Secure context</dt><dd>Causes the user agent to end the payment request and to remove any user interface that might be shown.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Payment Request API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PaymentRequest&#39; in that specification.</small>]15956 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`PaymentRequest`constructor]15957 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`requestId`]15958 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`shippingAddress`]15959 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`shippingOption`]15960 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`shippingType`]15961 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`onshippingaddresschange`]15962 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`onshippingoptionchange`]15963 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`canMakePayment`]15964 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`show`]15965 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`abort`]15966 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`id`]15967 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Payment Request]4057 "")
* [Payment Request API]4058 "")
* [PaymentRequest]15908 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Secure context]15577 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[marcoscaceres]4059 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[dangerismycat]15968 ""),[Dan-Dascalescu]15969 ""),[pyoor]15909 ""),[dgashmdn]15970 "")
**最后编辑者:**[marcoscaceres]4059 ""),<time>Jun 21, 2018, 8:30:12 AM</time>


