---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PaymentRequestUpdateEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]15998 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15999 "")版。</bdi>






**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers]16000 "").




**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]16000 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`PaymentRequestUpdateEvent`**interface of the the[Payment Request API]16001 "")enables a web page to update the details of a[`PaymentRequest`]15945 "The PaymentRequest interface of the Payment Request API manages the process of a user making a payment.")in response to a user action.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentRequestUpdateEvent()`]16002 "The PaymentRequestUpdateEvent constructor creates a new PaymentRequestUpdateEvent object which enables a web page to update the details of a PaymentRequest in response to a user action. Actual updates are made by passing options to the updateWith() method.")Secure context</dt><dd>Creates a new`PaymentRequestUpdateEvent`object.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


None.


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentRequestUpdateEvent.updateWith()`]15932 "The updateWith property of the PaymentRequestUpdateEvent interface updates the details of an existing PaymentRequest.")Secure context</dt><dd>Updates the details of an existing[`PaymentRequest`]15945 "The PaymentRequest interface of the Payment Request API manages the process of a user making a payment.").</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Payment Request API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PaymentRequestUpdateEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]16003 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`PaymentRequestUpdateEvent()`constructor]16004 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`updateWith`]16005 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Payment Request]4057 "")
* [Payment Request API]4058 "")
* [PaymentRequestUpdateEvent]16006 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Secure context]15577 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 5:03:13 AM</time>


