---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PaymentResponse
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16007 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4049 "")版。</bdi>






**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers]16008 "").




**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]16008 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`PaymentResponse`**interface of the[Payment Request API]4043 "")is returned after a user selects a payment method and approves a payment request.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentResponse.details`]4069 "The details read-only property of the PaymentResponse interface returns a JSON-serializable object that provides a payment method specific message used by the merchant to process the transaction and determine a successful funds transfer.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns a JSON-serializable object that provides a payment method specific message used by the merchant to process the transaction and determine successful fund transfer. This data is returned by the payment app that satisfies the payment request, and must conform to the structure defined in the[`BasicCardResponse`]4051 "The BasicCardResponse dictionary (related to the Payment Request API, although defined in the Basic Card Payment spec) defines an object structure for payment response details such as the number/expiry date of the card used to make the payment, and the billing address.")dictionary.</dd><dt>[`PaymentResponse.methodName`]16009 "The methodName read-only property of the PaymentResponse interface returns the payment method identifier for the payment method that the user selected, for example, Visa, Mastercard, Paypal, etc.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the payment method identifier for the payment method that the user selected, for example, Visa, Mastercard, Paypal, etc..</dd><dt>[`PaymentResponse.payerEmail`]16010 "The payerEmail read-only property of the PaymentResponse interface returns the email address supplied by the user. This option is only present when the requestPayerEmail option is set to true in the PaymentOptions object passed to the PaymentRequest constructor.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the email address supplied by the user. This option is only present when the`requestPayerEmail`option is set to`true`in the`options`parameter of the[`PaymentRequest()`]4047 "The PaymentRequest() constructor creates a new PaymentRequest object.")constructor.</dd><dt>[`PaymentResponse.payerName`]16011 "The payerName readonly property of the PaymentResponse interface returns the name supplied by the user. This option is only present when the requestPayerName option is set to true in the options parameter of the PaymentRequest() constructor.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the name supplied by the user. This option is only present when the`requestPayerName`option is set to true in the`options`parameter of the[`PaymentRequest()`]4047 "The PaymentRequest() constructor creates a new PaymentRequest object.")constructor.</dd><dt>[`PaymentResponse.payerPhone`]16012 "The payerPhone read-only property of the PaymentResponse interface returns the phone number supplied by the user. This option is only present when the requestPayerPhone option is set to true in the PaymentOptions object passed to the PaymentRequest constructor.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the phone number supplied by the user. This option is only present when the`requestPayerPhone`option is set to`true`in the`options`parameter of the[`PaymentRequest()`]4047 "The PaymentRequest() constructor creates a new PaymentRequest object.")constructor.</dd><dt>[`PaymentResponse.requestId`]16013 "The requestId read-only property of the PaymentResponse interface rreturns the free-form identifier supplied by the PaymentResponse() constructor by details.id.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the identifier of the[`PaymentRequest`]15945 "The PaymentRequest interface of the Payment Request API manages the process of making a payment between a web application and a end user.")that produced the current response. This is the same value supplied in the[`PaymentRequest()`]4047 "The PaymentRequest() constructor creates a new PaymentRequest object.")constructor by`details.id`.</dd><dt>[`PaymentResponse.shippingAddress`]16014 "The shippingAddress read-only property of the PaymentRequest interface returns a PaymentAddress object containing the shipping address provided by the user.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the shipping Address supplied by the user. This option is only present when the`requestShipping`option is set to`true`in the`options`parameter of the[`PaymentRequest()`]4047 "The PaymentRequest() constructor creates a new PaymentRequest object.")constructor.</dd><dt>[`PaymentResponse.shippingOption`]16015 "The shippingOption read-only property of the PaymentRequest interface returns the ID attribute of the shipping option selected by the user. This option is only present when the requestShipping option is set to true in the PaymentOptions object passed to the PaymentRequest constructor.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Returns the ID attribute of the shipping option selected by the user. This option is only present when the`requestShipping`option is set to`true`in the`options`parameter of the[`PaymentRequest()`]4047 "The PaymentRequest() constructor creates a new PaymentRequest object.")constructor.</dd></dl>
### Event handlers<a name="Event_handlers"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentResponse.onpayerdetailchange`]16016 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Secure context</dt><dd>During a`.retry()`, it allows the developer to be notified if the requested user&#39;s details change. This allows you to revalidate any requested user data (e.g., the phone number or the email address).</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PaymentResponse.retry()`]16017 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Secure context</dt><dd>If something is wrong with the payment response&#39;s data (and there is a recoverable error), this method allows a merchant to request that the user retry the payment. The method takes an object as argument, which is used to signal to the user exactly what is wrong with the payment response so they can try to correct any issues.</dd><dt>[`PaymentResponse.complete()`]16018 "The PaymentRequest.complete() method of the PaymentRequest API notifies the user agent that the user interaction is over, and causes any remaining user interface to be closed. This method must be called after the user accepts the payment request and the Promise returned by the PaymentRequest.show() method is resolved.")Secure context</dt><dd>Notifies the user agent that the user interaction is over. This causes any remaining user interface to be closed. This method should only be called after the Promise returned by the[`PaymentRequest.show()`]4048 "The PaymentRequest interface's show() method instructs the user agent to begin the process of showing and handling the user interface for the payment request to the user.")method.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Payment Request API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PaymentResponse&#39; in that specification.</small>]16019 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`details`]16020 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`methodName`]16021 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`payerEmail`]16022 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`payerName`]16023 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 
[`payerPhone`]16024 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`requestId`]16025 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`shippingAddress`]16026 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`shippingOption`]16027 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`complete`]16028 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`toJSON`]16029 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Payment Request]4057 "")
* [PaymentResponse]16030 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Secure context]15577 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[marcoscaceres]4059 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[pyoor]15909 ""),[dgashmdn]15970 "")
**最后编辑者:**[marcoscaceres]4059 ""),<time>Jun 28, 2018, 4:13:14 PM</time>


