---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PerformanceMark
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16106 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16107 "")版。</bdi>






`**PerformanceMark**`is an<em>abstract</em>interface for[`PerformanceEntry`]16082 "The PerformanceEntry object encapsulates a single performance metric that is part of the performance timeline. A performance entry can be directly created by making a performance mark or measure (for example by calling the mark() method) at an explicit point in an application. Performance entries are also created in indirect ways such as loading a resource (such as an image).")objects with an[`entryType`]16083 "The entryType property returns a DOMString representing the type of performance metric such as, for example, "mark". This property is read only.")of &quot;`mark`&quot;. Entries of this type are created by calling[`performance.mark()`]16108 "The mark() method creates a timestamp in the browser's performance entry buffer with the given name. The application defined timestamp can be retrieved by one of the Performance interface's getEntries*() methods (getEntries(), getEntriesByName() or getEntriesByType()).")to add a<em>named</em>[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")(the<em>mark</em>) to the browser&#39;s<em>performance timeline</em>.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PerformanceMark$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1385245' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


This interface has no properties but it extends the following[`PerformanceEntry`]16082 "The PerformanceEntry object encapsulates a single performance metric that is part of the performance timeline. A performance entry can be directly created by making a performance mark or measure (for example by calling the mark() method) at an explicit point in an application. Performance entries are also created in indirect ways such as loading a resource (such as an image).")properties by qualifying/constrainting the properties as follows:

<dl><dt>[`PerformanceEntry.entryType`]16083 "The entryType property returns a DOMString representing the type of performance metric such as, for example, "mark". This property is read only.")</dt><dd>Returns &quot;`mark`&quot;.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceEntry.name`]16084 "The name property of the PerformanceEntry interface returns a value that further specifies the value returned by the PerformanceEntry.entryType property. This property is read only.")</dt><dd>Returns the name given to the mark when it was created via a call to[`performance.mark()`]16108 "The mark() method creates a timestamp in the browser's performance entry buffer with the given name. The application defined timestamp can be retrieved by one of the Performance interface's getEntries*() methods (getEntries(), getEntriesByName() or getEntriesByType()).").</dd><dt>[`PerformanceEntry.startTime`]16086 "The startTime property returns the first recorded timestamp of the performance entry.")</dt><dd>Returns the[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")when[`performance.mark()`]16108 "The mark() method creates a timestamp in the browser's performance entry buffer with the given name. The application defined timestamp can be retrieved by one of the Performance interface's getEntries*() methods (getEntries(), getEntriesByName() or getEntriesByType()).")was called.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceEntry.duration`]16087 "The duration property returns a timestamp that is the duration of the performance entry.")</dt><dd>Returns &quot;`0`&quot;. (A mark has no<em>duration</em>.)</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


This interface has no methods.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


See the example in[Using the User Timing API]16109 "").


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[User Timing Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PerformanceMark&#39; in that specification.</small>]16110 "") | Working Draft |  
[User Timing<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PerformanceMark&#39; in that specification.</small>]16111 "") | Recommendation | Basic definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [User Timing (Overview)]16112 "")
* [Using the User Timing API]16109 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Performance Timing API]16113 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Performance]16064 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[connorshea]5516 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[stephaniehobson]16114 ""),[AFBarstow]6896 "")
**最后编辑者:**[connorshea]5516 ""),<time>May 31, 2018, 5:15:10 PM</time>


