---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PerformanceObserverEntryList
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16165 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16166 "")版。</bdi>






The**`PerformanceObserverEntryList`**interface is a list of[peformance events]16082 "The PerformanceEntry object encapsulates a single performance metric that is part of the performance timeline. A performance entry can be directly created by making a performance mark or measure (for example by calling the mark() method) at an explicit point in an application. Performance entries are also created in indirect ways such as loading a resource (such as an image).")that were explicitly<em>observed</em>via the[`observe()`]16167 "The observe() method of the PerformanceObserver interface is used to specify the set of performance interface types to observe. The performance observer's callback function will be invoked when a performance entry is recorded for one of the specified types.")method.



Note: this interface is exposed to[`Window`]13757 "The window object represents a window containing a DOM document; the document property points to the DOM document loaded in that window.")and[`Worker`]4847 "The Worker interface of the Web Workers API represents a background task that can be easily created and can send messages back to its creator. Creating a worker is as simple as calling the Worker() constructor and specifying a script to be run in the worker thread.").


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PerformanceObserverEntryList.getEntries()`]16168 "The getEntries() method of the PerformanceObserverEntryList interface returns a list of explicitly observed performance entry objects for a given filter. The list's members are determined by the set of entry types specified in the call to the observe() method. The list is available in the observer's callback function (as the first parameter in the callback).")</dt><dd>Returns a list of explicitly<em>observed</em>[`PerformanceEntry`]16082 "The PerformanceEntry object encapsulates a single performance metric that is part of the performance timeline. A performance entry can be directly created by making a performance mark or measure (for example by calling the mark() method) at an explicit point in an application. Performance entries are also created in indirect ways such as loading a resource (such as an image).")objects based on the given<em>filter</em>.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceObserverEntryList.getEntriesByType()`]16169 "The getEntriesByType() method of the PerformanceObserverEntryList returns a list of explicitly observed performance entry objects for a given performance entry type. The list's members are determined by the set of entry types specified in the call to the observe() method. The list is available in the observer's callback function (as the first parameter in the callback).")</dt><dd>Returns a list of explicitly<em>observed</em>[`PerformanceEntry`]16082 "The PerformanceEntry object encapsulates a single performance metric that is part of the performance timeline. A performance entry can be directly created by making a performance mark or measure (for example by calling the mark() method) at an explicit point in an application. Performance entries are also created in indirect ways such as loading a resource (such as an image).")objects of the given<em>entry type</em>.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceObserverEntryList.getEntriesByName()`]16170 "The getEntriesByName() method of the PerformanceObserverEntryList interface returns a list of explicitly observed performance entry objects for a given name and entry type. The list's members are determined by the set of entry types specified in the call to the observe() method. The list is available in the observer's callback function (as the first parameter in the callback).")</dt><dd>Returns a list of explicitly<em>observed</em>[`PerformanceEntry`]16082 "The PerformanceEntry object encapsulates a single performance metric that is part of the performance timeline. A performance entry can be directly created by making a performance mark or measure (for example by calling the mark() method) at an explicit point in an application. Performance entries are also created in indirect ways such as loading a resource (such as an image).")objects based on the given<em>name</em>and<em>entry type</em>.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
// Create observer for all performance event types 
// list is of type PerformanceObserveEntryList
var observe_all = new PerformanceObserver(function(list, obs) {  
   var perfEntries; 
   // Print all entries perfEntries = list.getEntries(); 
   for (var i=0; i < perfEntries.length; i++) { 
      print_perf_entry(perfEntries[i]); 
      // do something with it 
   }
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Performance Timeline Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PerformanceObserverEntryList&#39; in that specification.</small>]16171 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getEntries`]16172 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getEntriesByType`]16173 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getEntriesByName`]16174 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Performance]16064 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[connorshea]5516 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[AFBarstow]6896 "")
**最后编辑者:**[connorshea]5516 ""),<time>May 31, 2018, 5:19:21 PM</time>


