---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PerformanceResourceTiming
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16183 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16184 "")版。</bdi>






The**`PerformanceResourceTiming`**interface enables retrieval and analysis of detailed network timing data regarding the loading of an application&#39;s<em>resources</em>. An application can use the timing metrics to determine, for example, the length of time it takes to fetch a specific resource, such as an[`XMLHttpRequest`]14224 "Use XMLHttpRequest (XHR) objects to interact with servers. You can retrieve data from a URL without having to do a full page refresh. This enables a Web page to update just part of a page without disrupting what the user is doing."),[`<SVG>`]16185 "The svg element is a container that defines a new coordinate system and viewport. It is used as the outermost element of any SVG document but it can also be used to embed a SVG fragment inside any SVG or HTML document."), image, or script.



The interface&#39;s properties create a<em>resource loading timeline</em>with[`high-resolution timestamps`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")for network events such as redirect start and end times, fetch start, DNS lookup start and end times, response start and end times, etc.. Additionally, the interface extends[`PerformanceEntry`]16082 "The PerformanceEntry object encapsulates a single performance metric that is part of the performance timeline. A performance entry can be directly created by making a performance mark or measure (for example by calling the mark() method) at an explicit point in an application. Performance entries are also created in indirect ways such as loading a resource (such as an image).")with other properties which provide data about the size of the fetched resource as well as the<em>type</em>of resource that initiated the fetch.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/PerformanceResourceTiming$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1384545' width='600' height='70'></iframe>**Note:**This feature is available in[Web Workers]4334 "").

## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


This interface extends the following[`PerformanceEntry`]16082 "The PerformanceEntry object encapsulates a single performance metric that is part of the performance timeline. A performance entry can be directly created by making a performance mark or measure (for example by calling the mark() method) at an explicit point in an application. Performance entries are also created in indirect ways such as loading a resource (such as an image).")properties for resource performance entry types by qualifying and constraining them as follows:

<dl><dt>[`PerformanceEntry.entryType`]16083 "The entryType property returns a DOMString representing the type of performance metric such as, for example, "mark". This property is read only.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns`"resource"`.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceEntry.name`]16084 "The name property of the PerformanceEntry interface returns a value that further specifies the value returned by the PerformanceEntry.entryType property. This property is read only.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the resources URL.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceEntry.startTime`]16086 "The startTime property returns the first recorded timestamp of the performance entry.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the[`timestamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")for the time a resource fetch started. This value is equivalent to[`PerformanceEntry.fetchStart`]16186 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").</dd><dt>[`PerformanceEntry.duration`]16087 "The duration property returns a timestamp that is the duration of the performance entry.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`timestamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")that is the difference between the[`responseEnd`]16187 "The responseEnd read-only property returns a timestamp immediately after the browser receives the last byte of the resource or immediately before the transport connection is closed, whichever comes first.")and the[`startTime`]16086 "The startTime property returns the first recorded timestamp of the performance entry.")properties.</dd></dl>

The interface also supports the following properties which are listed in the order in which they are recorded for the fetching of a single resource. An alphabetical listing is shown in the navigation, at left.

<dl><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.initiatorType`]16188 "The initiatorType read-only property is a string that represents the type of resource that initiated the performance event.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`string`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the<em>type</em>of resource that initiated the performance entry, as specified in[`PerformanceResourceTiming.initiatorType`]16188 "The initiatorType read-only property is a string that represents the type of resource that initiated the performance event.").</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.nextHopProtocol`]16189 "The nextHopProtocol read-only property is a string representing the network protocol used to fetch the resource, as identified by the ALPN Protocol ID (RFC7301).")Read only</dt><dd>A[`string`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the<em>network protocol</em>used to fetch the resource, as identified by the[ALPN Protocol ID (RFC7301)]16190 "").</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.workerStart`]16191 "The workerStart read-only property of the PerformanceResourceTiming interface returns a DOMHighResTimeStamp immediately before dispatching the FetchEvent if a Service Worker thread is already running, or immediately before starting the Service Worker thread if it is not already running. If the resource is not intercepted by a Service Worker the property will always return 0.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately before dispatching the[`FetchEvent`]14342 "This is the event type for fetch events dispatched on the service worker global scope. It contains information about the fetch, including the request and how the receiver will treat the response. It provides the event.respondWith() method, which allows us to provide a response to this fetch.")if a Service Worker thread is already running, or immediately before starting the Service Worker thread if it is not already running. If the resource is not intercepted by a Service Worker the property will always return 0.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.redirectStart`]16192 "The redirectStart read-only property returns a timestamp representing the start time of the fetch which that initiates the redirect.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")that represents the start time of the fetch which initiates the redirect.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.redirectEnd`]16193 "The redirectEnd read-only property returns a timestamp immediately after receiving the last byte of the response of the last redirect.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately after receiving the last byte of the response of the last redirect.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.fetchStart`]16194 "The fetchStart read-only property represents a timestamp immediately before the browser starts to fetch the resource.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately before the browser starts to fetch the resource.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.domainLookupStart`]16195 "The domainLookupStart read-only property returns the timestamp immediately before the browser starts the domain name lookup for the resource.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately before the browser starts the domain name lookup for the resource.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.domainLookupEnd`]16196 "The domainLookupEnd read-only property returns the timestamp immediately after the browser finishes the domain name lookup for the resource.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")representing the time immediately after the browser finishes the domain name lookup for the resource.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.connectStart`]16197 "The connectStart read-only property returns the timestamp immediately before the user agent starts establishing the connection to the server to retrieve the resource.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately before the browser starts to establish the connection to the server to retrieve the resource.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.connectEnd`]16198 "The connectEnd read-only property returns the timestamp immediately after the browser finishes establishing the connection to the server to retrieve the resource. The timestamp value includes the time interval to establish the transport connection, as well as other time intervals such as SSL handshake and SOCKS authentication.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately after the browser finishes establishing the connection to the server to retrieve the resource.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.secureConnectionStart`]16199 "The secureConnectionStart read-only property returns a timestamp immediately before the browser starts the handshake process to secure the current connection. If a secure connection is not used, the property returns zero.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately before the browser starts the handshake process to secure the current connection.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.requestStart`]16200 "The requestStart read-only property returns a timestamp of the time immediately before the browser starts requesting the resource from the server, cache, or local resource. If the transport connection fails and the browser retires the request, the value returned will be the start of the retry request.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately before the browser starts requesting the resource from the server.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.responseStart`]16201 "The responseStart read-only property returns a timestamp immediately after the browser receives the first byte of the response from the server, cache, or local resource.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately after the browser receives the first byte of the response from the server.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.responseEnd`]16187 "The responseEnd read-only property returns a timestamp immediately after the browser receives the last byte of the resource or immediately before the transport connection is closed, whichever comes first.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMHighResTimeStamp`]4171 "The DOMHighResTimeStamp type is a double and is used to store a time value. The value could be a discrete point in time or the difference in time between two discrete points in time.")immediately after the browser receives the last byte of the resource or immediately before the transport connection is closed, whichever comes first.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.transferSize`]16202 "The transferSize read-only property represents the size (in octets) of the fetched resource. The size includes the response header fields plus the response payload body (as defined by RFC7230.")Read only</dt><dd>A`number`representing the size (in octets) of the fetched resource. The size includes the response header fields plus the response payload body.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.encodedBodySize`]16203 "The encodedBodySize read-only property represents the size (in octets) received from the fetch (HTTP or cache), of the payload body, before removing any applied content-codings.")Read only</dt><dd>A`number`representing the size (in octets) received from the fetch (HTTP or cache), of the<em>payload body</em>, before removing any applied content-codings.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.decodedBodySize`]16204 "The decodedBodySize read-only property returns the size (in octets) received from the fetch (HTTP or cache) of the message body, after removing any applied content-codings. If the resource is retrieved from an application cache or local resources, it returns the size of the payload after removing any applied content-codings.")Read only</dt><dd>A`number`that is the size (in octets) received from the fetch (HTTP or cache) of the<em>message body</em>, after removing any applied content-codings.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.serverTiming`]16205 "The serverTiming read-only property returns an array of PerformanceServerTiming entries containing server timing metrics.")Read only</dt><dd>An array of[`PerformanceServerTiming`]16206 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")entries containing server timing metrics.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PerformanceResourceTiming.toJSON()`]16207 "The toJSON() method is a serializer that returns a JSON representation of the PerformanceResourceTiming object.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that is the JSON representation of the[`PerformanceResourceTiming`]16184 "The PerformanceResourceTiming interface enables retrieval and analysis of detailed network timing data regarding the loading of an application's resources. An application can use the timing metrics to determine, for example, the length of time it takes to fetch a specific resource, such as an XMLHttpRequest, <SVG>, image, or script.")object.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


See the example in[Using the Resource Timing API]16208 "").


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Resource Timing Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PerformanceResourceTiming&#39; in that specification.</small>]16209 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`connectEnd`]16210 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`connectStart`]16211 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`decodedBodySize`]16212 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`domainLookupEnd`]16213 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`domainLookupStart`]16214 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`encodedBodySize`]16215 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`fetchStart`]16216 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`initiatorType`]16217 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`nextHopProtocol`]16218 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`redirectEnd`]16219 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`redirectStart`]16220 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`requestStart`]16221 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`responseEnd`]16222 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`responseStart`]16223 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`secureConnectionStart`]16224 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`serverTiming`]16225 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`transferSize`]16226 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>17 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`workerStart`]16227 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`toJSON`]16228 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
Available in workers | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Resource Timing (Overview)]16229 "")
* [Using the Resource Timing API]16208 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Performance]16064 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[lgiraudel]16230 ""),[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[jieyanhuang]16231 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[AFBarstow]6896 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>May 29, 2018, 4:59:15 AM</time>


