---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PerformanceServerTiming
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16232 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16206 "")版。</bdi>




**Note:**This feature is available in[Web Workers]4334 "").


**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers](%2999#Browser_compatibility "").





The**`PerformanceServerTiming`**interface surfaces server metrics that are sent with the response in the[`Server-Timing`]16234 "The Server-Timing header communicates one or more metrics and descriptions for a given request-response cycle. It is used to surface any backend server timing metrics (e.g. database read/write, CPU time, file system access, etc.) in the developer tools in the user's browser or in the PerformanceServerTiming interface.")HTTP header.



This interface is restricted to the same origin, but you can use the[`Timing-Allow-Origin`]16235 "The Timing-Allow-Origin response header specifies origins that are allowed to see values of attributes retrieved via features of the Resource Timing API, which would otherwise be reported as zero due to cross-origin restrictions.")header to specify the domains that are allowed to access the server metrics. Note that this interface is only available in secure contexts (HTTPS) in some browsers.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PerformanceServerTiming.description`]16236 "The description read-only property returns a DOMString value of the server-specified metric description, or an empty string.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")value of the server-specified metric description, or an empty string.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceServerTiming.duration`]16237 "The duration read-only property returns a double that contains the server-specified metric duration, or value 0.0.")Read only</dt><dd>A double that contains the server-specified metric duration, or value`0.0`.</dd><dt>[`PerformanceServerTiming.name`]16238 "The name read-only property returns a DOMString value of the server-specified metric name.")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")value of the server-specified metric name.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>`PerformanceServerTiming.toJSON`</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")that is the JSON representation of the[`PerformanceServerTiming`]16206 "The PerformanceServerTiming interface surfaces server metrics that are sent with the response in the Server-Timing HTTP header.")object.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


Given a server that sends the[`Server-Timing`]16234 "The Server-Timing header communicates one or more metrics and descriptions for a given request-response cycle. It is used to surface any backend server timing metrics (e.g. database read/write, CPU time, file system access, etc.) in the developer tools in the user's browser or in the PerformanceServerTiming interface.")header, for example a node.js server like this:


```
const http = require('http');

function requestHandler(request, response) {
  const headers = {
    'Server-Timing': `
      cache;desc="Cache Read";dur=23.2,
      db;dur=53,
      app;dur=47.2
    `.replace(/\n/g, '')
  };
  response.writeHead(200, headers);
  response.write('');
  return setTimeout(_ => {
   response.end();
 }, 1000)
};

http.createServer(requestHandler).listen(3000).on('error', console.error);
```


The`PerformanceServerTiming`entries are now observable from JavaScript via the[`PerformanceResourceTiming.serverTiming`]16205 "The serverTiming read-only property returns an array of PerformanceServerTiming entries containing server timing metrics.")property:


```
let entries = performance.getEntriesByType('resource');
console.log(entries[0].serverTiming);
// 0: PerformanceServerTiming {name: "cache", duration: 23.2, description: "Cache Read"}
// 1: PerformanceServerTiming {name: "db", duration: 53, description: ""}
// 2: PerformanceServerTiming {name: "app", duration: 47.2, description: ""}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Server Timing<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PerformanceServerTiming&#39; in that specification.</small>]16239 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`description`]16240 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`duration`]16241 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`name`]16242 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`toJSON`]16243 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Server-Timing`]16234 "The Server-Timing header communicates one or more metrics and descriptions for a given request-response cycle. It is used to surface any backend server timing metrics (e.g. database read/write, CPU time, file system access, etc.) in the developer tools in the user's browser or in the PerformanceServerTiming interface.")
* [`PerformanceResourceTiming.serverTiming`]16205 "The serverTiming read-only property returns an array of PerformanceServerTiming entries containing server timing metrics.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [ServerTiming]16244 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>May 29, 2018, 6:16:21 AM</time>


