---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-webkit-mask-position-x
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The`-webkit-mask-position-x`CSS property sets the initial horizontal position of a mask image.


```
/* Keyword values */
-webkit-mask-position-x: left;
-webkit-mask-position-x: center;
-webkit-mask-position-x: right;

/* <percentage> values */
-webkit-mask-position-x: 100%;
-webkit-mask-position-x: -50%;

/* <length> values */
-webkit-mask-position-x: 50px;
-webkit-mask-position-x: -1cm;

/* Multiple values values */
-webkit-mask-position-x: 50px, 25%, -3em;

/* Global values */
-webkit-mask-position-x: inherit;
-webkit-mask-position-x: initial;
-webkit-mask-position-x: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `0%` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | refer to the size of the box itself 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | for[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")the absolute value, otherwise a percentage 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<length-percentage>`</dt><dd>A length indicating the position of the left edge of the image relative to the box&#39;s left padding edge. Percentages are calculated against the horizontal dimension of the box padding area. That means, a value of`0%`means the left edge of the image is aligned with the box&#39;s left padding edge and a value of`100%`means the right edge of the image is aligned with the box&#39;s right padding edge.</dd><dt id=''>`**left**`</dt><dd>Equivalent to`0%`.</dd><dt id=''>`**center**`</dt><dd>Equivalent to`50%`.</dd><dt id=''>`**right**`</dt><dd>Equivalent to`100%`.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <length-percentage> | left | center | right ]#where <length-percentage> = <length> | <percentage>
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
.exampleOne {
  -webkit-mask-image: url(mask.png);
  -webkit-mask-position-x: right;
}

.exampleTwo {
  -webkit-mask-image: url(mask.png);
  -webkit-mask-position-x: 25%;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 1.0 | No support | No support | No support | 4.0 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


[`-webkit-mask-position`]33258 "The mask-position CSS property sets the initial position, relative to the mask position layer defined by mask-origin for each defined mask image."),[`-webkit-mask-position-y`]33213 "The -webkit-mask-position-y CSS property sets the initial vertical position of a mask image."),[`-webkit-mask-origin`]33257 "The mask-origin CSS property determines the origin of a mask."),[`-webkit-mask-attachment`]33205 "If a -webkit-mask-image is specified, -webkit-mask-attachment determines whether the mask image's position is fixed within the viewport, or scrolls along with its containing block.")




