---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-webkit-mask-repeat-x
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The`-webkit-mask-repeat-x`property specifies whether and how a mask image is repeated (tiled) horizontally.


```
/* Keyword values */
-webkit-mask-repeat-x: repeat;
-webkit-mask-repeat-x: no-repeat;
-webkit-mask-repeat-x: space;
-webkit-mask-repeat-x: round;

/* Multiple values */
-webkit-mask-repeat-x: repeat, no-repeat, space;

/* Global values */
-webkit-mask-repeat-x: inherit;
-webkit-mask-repeat-x: initial;
-webkit-mask-repeat-x: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `repeat` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>repeat</dt><dd>The mask image is repeated both horizontally and vertically.</dd><dt id=''>no-repeat</dt><dd>The mask image is not repeated; only one copy of the mask image is drawn. The remainder of the masked element&#39;s content is not displayed.</dd><dt id=''>repeat</dt><dd>The mask image is repeated both horizontally and vertically.</dd><dt id=''>space</dt><dd>The image is repeated as much as possible without clipping. The first and last images are pinned to either side of the element, and whitespace is distributed evenly between the images. The[`mask-position`]30970 "The mask-position CSS property sets the initial position, relative to the mask position layer defined by mask-origin, for each defined mask image.")property is ignored unless only one image can be displayed without clipping. The only case where clipping happens using space is when there isn&#39;t enough room to display one image.</dd><dt id=''>round</dt><dd>As the allowed space increases in size, the repeated images will stretch (leaving no gaps) until there is room for another one to be added. When the next image is added, all of the current ones compress to allow room. Example: An image with an original width of 260px, repeated three times, might stretch until each repetition is 300px wide, and then another image will be added. They will then compress to 225px.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
repeat | no-repeat | space | round

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
.exampleone {
  -webkit-mask-image: url('mask.png');
  -webkit-mask-repeat-x: repeat;
}

.exampletwo {
  -webkit-mask-image: url('mask.png');
  -webkit-mask-repeat-x: no-repeat;
}
```

### Multiple mask image support<a name="Multiple_mask_image_support"></a>


You can specify a different`<repeat-style>`for each mask image, separated by commas:


```
.examplethree {
  -webkit-mask-image: url('mask1.png'), url('mask2.png');
  -webkit-mask-repeat-x: repeat, space;
}
```


Each image is matched with the corresponding repeat style, from first specified to last.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | No support<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support | No support<sup>[1]</sup> | ? 





[1] While the property itself is recognized, it doesn&#39;t accept any values.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>


[`-webkit-mask-repeat`]33259 "The -webkit-mask-repeat property specifies whether and how a mask image is repeated (tiled)."),[`-webkit-mask-repeat-y`]33215 "The -webkit-mask-repeat-y property specifies whether and how a mask image is repeated (tiled) vertically.")




