---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration-color
---





The**`text-decoration-color`**[CSS]28421 "")property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by[`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element."); these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property&#39;s value.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/text-decoration-color.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


CSS does not provide a direct mechanism for specifying a unique color for each line type. This effect can nevertheless be achieved by nesting elements, applying a different line type to each element (with the[`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element.")property), and specifying the line color (with`text-decoration-color`) on a per‐element basis.



When setting multiple line-decoration properties at once, it may be more convenient to use the[`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")shorthand property instead.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* <color> values */
text-decoration-color: currentColor;
text-decoration-color: red;
text-decoration-color: #00ff00;
text-decoration-color: rgba(255, 128, 128, 0.5);
text-decoration-color: transparent;

/* Global values */
text-decoration-color: inherit;
text-decoration-color: initial;
text-decoration-color: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")</dt><dd>The color of the line decoration.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<color>where <color> = <rgb()> | <rgba()> | <hsl()> | <hsla()> | <hex-color> | <named-color> | currentcolor | <deprecated-system-color>where <rgb()> = rgb( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<rgba()> = rgba( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<hsl()> = hsl( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )<hsla()> = hsla( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )where <alpha-value> = <number> | <percentage><hue> = <number> | <angle>
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
<p>This paragraph has <s>some erroneous text</s>
    inside it that I want to call attention to.</p>
```

```
p { 
  text-decoration-line: underline;
  text-decoration-color: cyan;
}

s {
  text-decoration-line: line-through;
  text-decoration-color: red;
  text-decoration-style: wavy;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration-color$samples/Examples?revision=1352867' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Text Decoration Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;text-decoration-color&#39; in that specification.</small>]32168 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. The[`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")property is now a shorthand to define multiple related properties. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `currentcolor` 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables).")and[`::first-line`]28554 "The ::first-line CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first line of a block-level element."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | computed color 
Animation type | a[color](%4569#Interpolation "Values of the <color> CSS data type are interpolated on each of their red, green, blue components, each handled as a real, floating-point number. Note that interpolation of colors happens in the alpha-premultiplied sRGBA color space to prevent unexpected grey colors to appear.") 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* When setting multiple line-decoration properties at once, it may be more convenient to use the[`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")shorthand property instead.
* The[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")data type
* Other color-related properties:[`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element."),[`border-color`]28869 "The border-color CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the colors on all four sides of an element's border."),[`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline."),[`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."),[`text-emphasis-color`]29457 "The text-emphasis-color CSS property defines the color used to draw emphasis marks on text being rendered in the HTML document. This value can also be set and reset using the text-emphasis shorthand."),[`text-shadow`]29458 "The text-shadow CSS property adds shadows to text. It accepts a comma-separated list of shadows to be applied to the text and any of its decorations."),[`caret-color`]29459 "The caret-color CSS property sets the color of the insertion caret—the visible indicator of the point at which the next character typed by the user will be inserted—within an element such as <input> or one with the contenteditable attribute set."), and[`column-rule-color`]29460 "The column-rule-color CSS property sets the color of the rule (line) drawn between columns in a multi-column layout.")
* [Applying color to HTML elements using CSS]29268 "")



