---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color-adjust
---





The**`color-adjust`**CSS property gives the web author control over what if anything the[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")may do to optimize the appearance of the element on the output device.By default, the browser is allowed to make any adjustments to the element&#39;s appearance it determines to be necessary and prudent given the type and capabilities of the output device.



In the example above, the text[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color."),`#411`, is so dark that it&#39;s difficult to read given the`black`[`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element."). Depending on the browser, its configuration, and the device on which the example is being viewed, the browser may opt to remove the black background or change the text color in order to improve contrast and make the text more legible.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
color-adjust: economy;
color-adjust: exact
```


The`color-adjust`property&#39;s value must be one of the following keywords.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`economy`</dt><dd>The user agent is allowed to make adjustments to the element as it deems appropriate and prudent in order to optimize the output for the device it&#39;s being rendered for. For example, when printing, a browser might opt to leave out all background images and to adjust text colors to be sure the contrast is optimized for reading on white paper. This is the default.</dd><dt id=''>`**exact**`</dt><dd>The element&#39;s content has been specifically and carefully crafted to use colors, images, and styles in a thoughtful and/or important way, such that being altered by the browser might actually make things worse rather than better. The appearance of the content should not be changed except by the user&#39;s request. For example, a page might include a list of information with rows whose background colors alternate between white and a light grey. Removing the background color would decrease the legibility of the content.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
economy | exact
```

## Usage notes<a name="Usage_notes"></a>


There are a number of reasons a browser might wish to deviate from the specified appearance, such as:


* The content uses text and background colors that will be too similar on the output device for legibility purposes.
* If the output device is a printer, and to save ink, dark or extremely dense background images might be removed.
* When printing a page, the browser might want to replace light-colored text on a dark background with dark text on a white background.


Any options the user agent offers the user to allow them to control the use of color and images will take priority over the value of`color-adjust`. In other words, there isn&#39;t any guarantee that`color-adjust`will do anything. Not only can the user override the behavior, but each user agent is allowed to decide for itself how to handle`color-adjust`in any given situation.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


In this example, a box is shown which uses a[`background-image`]29452 "The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images on an element.")and a translucent[`linear-gradient()`]29453 "REDIRECT linear-gradient [en-US]")function atop a black background color to have a dark blue gradient behind medium red text. For whatever reason, this is the desired appearance in any rendering environment, including on paper, so we also use`color-adjust: exact`to tell the browser not to make color or style adjustments to the box when rendering it.


### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.my-box {
  background-color: black;
  background-image: linear-gradient(rgba(0, 0, 180, 0.5), rgba(70, 140, 220, 0.5));
  color: #900;
  width: 15rem;
  height: 6rem;
  text-align: center;
  font: 24px "Helvetica", sans-serif;
  display: flex;
  align-items: center;
  justify-content: center;
  color-adjust: exact;
}
```

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div class="my-box">
  <p>Need more contrast!</p>
</div>
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color-adjust$samples/Examples?revision=1395424' width='640' height='120'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Color Module Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;color-adjust&#39; in that specification.</small>]29454 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `economy` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | per grammar 



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>49<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Applying color to HTML elements using CSS]29268 "")
* Other color-related properties:[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color."),[`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element."),[`border-color`]28869 "The border-color CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the colors on all four sides of an element's border."),[`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline."),[`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."),[`text-emphasis-color`]29457 "The text-emphasis-color CSS property defines the color used to draw emphasis marks on text being rendered in the HTML document. This value can also be set and reset using the text-emphasis shorthand."),[`text-shadow`]29458 "The text-shadow CSS property adds shadows to text. It accepts a comma-separated list of shadows to be applied to the text and any of its decorations."),[`caret-color`]29459 "The caret-color CSS property sets the color of the insertion caret—the visible indicator of the point at which the next character typed by the user will be inserted—within an element such as <input> or one with the contenteditable attribute set."), and[`column-rule-color`]29460 "The column-rule-color CSS property sets the color of the rule (line) drawn between columns in a multi-column layout.")
* [`background-image`]29452 "The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images on an element.")



