---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/caret-color
---





The**`caret-color`**CSS property sets the color of the insertion caret—the visible indicator of the point at which the next character typed by the user will be inserted—within an element such as[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")or one with the`[contenteditable]34351 "")`attribute set.The caret is typically a thin vertical line that flashes to help make it more noticeable. By default, it is black, but its color can be altered with this property.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/caret-color.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


Note that the insertion caret is only one type of caret. For example, many browsers have a “navigation caret,” which acts similarly to an insertion caret but can be moved around in non-editable text. On the other hand, the mouse cursor image shown when hovering over text where the[`cursor`]33487 "The cursor CSS property specifies which mouse cursor to display when the mouse pointer is over an element.")property is`auto`, or when hovering over an element where the`cursor`property is`text`or`vertical-text`, though it sometimes looks like a caret, is not a caret (it’s a cursor).


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
caret-color: auto;
caret-color: transparent;
caret-color: currentColor;

/* <color> values */
caret-color: red;
caret-color: #5729e9;
caret-color: rgb(0, 200, 0);
caret-color: hsla(228, 4%, 24%, 0.8);
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The user agent selects an appropriate color for the caret. This is generally[`currentcolor`]34352 ""), but the user agent may choose a different color to ensure good visibility and contrast with the surrounding content, taking into account the value of`currentcolor`, the background, shadows, and other factors.

**Note:**While user agents may use`currentcolor`(which is usually animatable) for the`auto`value,`auto`is not interpolated in transitions and animations.


</dd><dt id=''>[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")</dt><dd>The color of the caret.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | <color>where <color> = <rgb()> | <rgba()> | <hsl()> | <hsla()> | <hex-color> | <named-color> | currentcolor | <deprecated-system-color>where <rgb()> = rgb( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<rgba()> = rgba( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<hsl()> = hsl( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )<hsla()> = hsla( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )where <alpha-value> = <number> | <percentage><hue> = <number> | <angle>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<input value="This field uses a default caret." size="64"/>
<input class="custom" value="I have a custom caret color!" size="64"/>
<p contenteditable class="custom">This paragraph can be
   edited, and its caret has a custom color as well!</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
input {
  caret-color: auto;
  display: block;
  margin-bottom: .5em;
}

input.custom {
  caret-color: red;
}


p.custom {
  caret-color: green;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/caret-color$samples/Example?revision=1362662' width='500' height='200'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Basic User Interface Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;caret-color&#39; in that specification.</small>]29327 "") | Proposed Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | `auto`is computed as specified and`<color>`values are computed as defined for the[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")property. 
Animation type | a[color](%4569#Interpolation "Values of the <color> CSS data type are interpolated on each of their red, green, blue components, each handled as a real, floating-point number. Note that interpolation of colors happens in the alpha-premultiplied sRGBA color space to prevent unexpected grey colors to appear.") 
Canonical order | per grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd></dl>










## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")element
* The HTML`[contenteditable]34351 "")`attribute, which can be used to make any element&#39;s text editable
* [Making content editable]34353 "")
* [Applying color to HTML elements using CSS]29268 "")
* The[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background.")data type
* Other color-related properties:[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color."),[`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element."),[`border-color`]28869 "The border-color CSS property is a shorthand property for setting the colors on all four sides of an element's border."),[`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline."),[`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."),[`text-emphasis-color`]29457 "The text-emphasis-color CSS property defines the color used to draw emphasis marks on text being rendered in the HTML document. This value can also be set and reset using the text-emphasis shorthand."),[`text-shadow`]29458 "The text-shadow CSS property adds shadows to text. It accepts a comma-separated list of shadows to be applied to the text and any of its decorations."),[`caret-color`]29459 "The caret-color CSS property sets the color of the insertion caret—the visible indicator of the point at which the next character typed by the user will be inserted—within an element such as <input> or one with the contenteditable attribute set."), and[`column-rule-color`]29460 "The column-rule-color CSS property sets the color of the rule (line) drawn between columns in a multi-column layout.")



