---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function/rotate3d
---





Your browser does not support MathML. A CSS fallback has been used instead.




The**`rotate3d()`**[CSS]427 "")function defines a transformation that rotates an element around a fixed axis in 3D space, without deforming it. Its result is a[`<transform-function>`]28337 "The <transform-function> CSS data type represents a transformation that affects an element's appearance. Transformation functions can rotate, resize, distort, or move an element in 2D or 3D space. It is used in the transform property.")data type.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/rotate3d.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


In 3D space, rotations have three degrees of liberty, which together describe a single axis of rotation. The axis of rotation is defined by an [x, y, z] vector and pass by the origin (as defined by the[`transform-origin`]31858 "The transform-origin CSS property sets the origin for an element's transformations.")property). If, as specified, the vector is not*normalized*(i.e., if the sum of the square of its three coordinates is not 1), the[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")will normalize it internally. A non-normalizable vector, such as the null vector, [0, 0, 0], will cause the rotation to be ignored, but without invaliding the whole CSS property.

**Note:**Unlike rotations in the 2D plane, the composition of 3D rotations is usually not commutative. In other words, the order in which the rotations are applied impacts the result.

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The amount of rotation created by`rotate3d()`is specified by three[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")s and one[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions."). The`<number>`s represent the x-, y-, and z-coordinates of the vector denoting the axis of rotation. The`<angle>`represents the angle of rotation; if positive, the movement will be clockwise; if negative, it will be counter-clockwise.


```
rotate3d(x, y, z, a)

```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`x`</dt><dd>Is a[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")describing the x-coordinate of the vector denoting the axis of rotation which could between 0 and 1.</dd><dt id=''>`y`</dt><dd>Is a[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")describing the y-coordinate of the vector denoting the axis of rotation which could between 0 and 1.</dd><dt id=''>`z`</dt><dd>Is a[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")describing the z-coordinate of the vector denoting the axis of rotation which could between 0 and 1.</dd><dt id=''>`a`</dt><dd>Is an[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")representing the angle of the rotation. A positive angle denotes a clockwise rotation, a negative angle a counter-clockwise one.</dd></dl>
Cartesian coordinates on ℝ<sup>2</sup> | This transformation applies to the 3D space and can&#39;t be represented on the plane. 
Homogeneous coordinates on ℝℙ<sup>2</sup> 
Cartesian coordinates on ℝ<sup>3</sup> | <math><mfenced><mtable><mtr><mtd>1<mo>+</mo>(1<mo>-</mo>cos(<mi>a</mi>))(<msup><mi>x</mi><mn>2</mn></msup><mo>-</mo>1)</mtd><mtd><mi>z</mi><mo>·</mo>sin(<mi>a</mi>)+<mi>x</mi><mi>y</mi>(1<mo>-</mo>cos(<mi>a</mi>))</mtd><mtd><mo>-</mo><mi>y</mi><mo>·</mo>sin(<mi>a</mi>)<mo>+</mo><mi>x</mi><mi>z</mi><mo>·</mo>(1<mo>-</mo>cos(<mi>a</mi>))</mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd><mo>-</mo><mi>z</mi><mo>·</mo>sin(<mi>a</mi>)<mo>+</mo><mi>x</mi><mi>y</mi><mo>·</mo>(1<mo>-</mo>cos(<mi>a</mi>))</mtd><mtd>1+(1-cos(a))(y2-1)</mtd><mtd><mi>x</mi><mo>·</mo>sin(<mi>a</mi>)<mo>+</mo><mi>y</mi><mi>z</mi><mo>·</mo>(1<mo>-</mo>cos(<mi>a</mi>))</mtd><mtr><mtd>ysin(a) + xz(1-cos(a))</mtd><mtd>-xsin(a)+yz(1-cos(a))</mtd><mtd>1+(1-cos(a))(z2-1)</mtd><mtd>t</mtd></mtr><mtr><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>0</mtd><mtd>1</mtd></mtr></mtr></mtable></mfenced></math> 
Homogeneous coordinates on ℝℙ<sup>3</sup> |  


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Rotating on the y-axis<a name="Rotating_on_the_y-axis"></a>

#### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div>Normal</div>
<div class="rotated">Rotated</div>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
body {
  perspective: 800px;
}

div {
  width: 80px;
  height: 80px;
  background-color: skyblue;
}

.rotated {
  transform: rotate3d(0, 1, 0, 60deg);
  background-color: pink;
}
```

#### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function/rotate3d$samples/Rotating_on_the_y-axis?revision=1358409' width='auto' height='180'></iframe>



### Rotating on a custom axis<a name="Rotating_on_a_custom_axis"></a>

#### HTML<a name="HTML_2"></a>

```
<div>Normal</div>
<div class="rotated">Rotated</div>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS_2"></a>

```
body {
  perspective: 800px;
}

div { 
  width: 80px;
  height: 80px;
  background-color: skyblue;
}

.rotated {
  transform: rotate3d(1, 2, -1, 192deg);
  background-color: pink;
}
```

#### Result<a name="Result_2"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function/rotate3d$samples/Rotating_on_a_custom_axis?revision=1358409' width='auto' height='180'></iframe>



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Please see the`[&lt;transform-function&gt;](%28337#Browser_compatibility "")`data type for compatibility info.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`transform`]6321 "The transform CSS property lets you rotate, scale, skew, or translate a given element. This is achieved by modifying the coordinate space of the CSS visual formatting model.")
* [`<transform-function>`]28337 "The <transform-function> CSS data type represents a transformation that affects an element's appearance. Transformation functions can rotate, resize, distort, or move an element in 2D or 3D space. It is used in the transform property.")



