---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-style
---





The**`font-style`**CSS descriptor allows authors to specify font styles for the fonts specified in the[`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule specifies a custom font with which to display text; the font can be loaded from either a remote server or the user's own computer.")rule.



For a particular font family, authors can download various font faces which correspond to the different styles of the same font family, and then use the`font-style`descriptor to explicitly specify the font face&#39;s style. The values for the CSS descriptor is same as that of its corresponding font property.


Related[at-rule]4443 "") | [`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule specifies a custom font with which to display text; the font can be loaded from either a remote server or the user's own computer.") 
[Initial value]28552 "") | `normal` 
Media | all 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
font-style: normal;
font-style: italic;
font-style: oblique;
font-style: oblique 30deg;
font-style: oblique 30deg 50deg;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`**normal**`</dt><dd>Selects the normal version of the font-family.</dd><dt id=''>**`italic`**</dt><dd>Specifies that font-face is an italicized version of the normal font.</dd><dt id=''>**`oblique`**</dt><dd>Specifies that the font-face is an artificially sloped version of the normal font.</dd></dl><dl><dt id=''>`oblique`with angle</dt><dd>Selects a font classified as`oblique`, and additionally specifies an angle for the slant of the text.</dd><dt id=''>`oblique`with angle range</dt><dd>Selects a font classified as`oblique`, and additionally specifies a range of allowable angle for the slant of the text. Note that a range is only supported when the`font-style`is`oblique`; for`font-style: normal`or`italic`, no second value is allowed.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
normal | italic | oblique <angle>{0,2}
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


As an example, consider the garamond font family, in its normal form, we get the following result:


```
@font-face {
  font-family: garamond;
  src: url('garamond.ttf');
}
```


![unstyled Garamond]30188 "")



The italicized version of this text uses the same glyphs present in the unstyled version, but they are artificially sloped by a few degrees.



![artificially sloped garamond]30189 "")



On the other hand, if a true italicized version of the font family exists, we can include it in the`src`descriptor and specify the font style as italic, so that it is clear that the font is italicized. True italics use different glyphs and are a bit different from their upright counterparts, having some unique features and generally have a rounded and calligraphic quality. These fonts are specially created by font designers and are**not**artificially sloped.


```
@font-face {
  font-family: garamond;
  src: url('garamond-italic.ttf');
  font-style: italic;
}
```


![italic garamond]30190 "")


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-style&#39; in that specification.</small>]38274 "") | Working Draft | Adds oblique keyword with angle value 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-style&#39; in that specification.</small>]38275 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>




