---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/pointer-events
---





The**`pointer-events`**[CSS]427 "")property specifies under what circumstances (if any) a particular graphic element can become the[target]31643 "")of mouse events.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/pointer-events.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


When this property is unspecified, the same characteristics of the`visiblePainted`value apply to SVG content.



In addition to indicating that the element is not the target of mouse events, the value`none`instructs the mouse event to go &quot;through&quot; the element and target whatever is &quot;underneath&quot; that element instead.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
pointer-events: auto;
pointer-events: none;
pointer-events: visiblePainted; /* SVG only */
pointer-events: visibleFill;    /* SVG only */
pointer-events: visibleStroke;  /* SVG only */
pointer-events: visible;        /* SVG only */
pointer-events: painted;        /* SVG only */
pointer-events: fill;           /* SVG only */
pointer-events: stroke;         /* SVG only */
pointer-events: all;            /* SVG only */

/* Global values */
pointer-events: inherit;
pointer-events: initial;
pointer-events: unset;
```


The`pointer-events`property is specified as a single keyword chosen from the list of values below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The element behaves as it would if the`pointer-events`property were not specified. In SVG content, this value and the value`visiblePainted`have the same effect.</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>The element is never the[target]31643 "")of mouse events; however, mouse events may target its descendant elements if those descendants have`pointer-events`set to some other value. In these circumstances, mouse events will trigger event listeners on this parent element as appropriate on their way to/from the descendant during the event capture/[bubble]36652 "")phases.</dd></dl>
#### SVG only<a name="SVG_only"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`visiblePainted`</dt><dd>SVG only. The element can only be the target of a mouse event when the`visibility`property is set to`visible`and when the mouse cursor is over the interior (i.e., &#39;fill&#39;) of the element and the`fill`property is set to a value other than`none`, or when the mouse cursor is over the perimeter (i.e., &#39;stroke&#39;) of the element and the`stroke`property is set to a value other than`none`.</dd><dt id=''>`visibleFill`</dt><dd>SVG only. The element can only be the target of a mouse event when the`visibility`property is set to`visible`and when the mouse cursor is over the interior (i.e., fill) of the element. The value of the`fill`property does not affect event processing.</dd><dt id=''>`visibleStroke`</dt><dd>SVG only. The element can only be the target of a mouse event when the`visibility`property is set to`visible`and when the mouse cursor is over the perimeter (i.e., stroke) of the element. The value of the`stroke`property does not affect event processing.</dd><dt id=''>`visible`</dt><dd>SVG only. The element can be the target of a mouse event when the`visibility`property is set to`visible`and the mouse cursor is over either the interior (i.e., fill) or the perimeter (i.e., stroke) of the element. The values of the`fill`and`stroke`do not affect event processing.</dd><dt id=''>`painted`</dt><dd>SVG only. The element can only be the target of a mouse event when the mouse cursor is over the interior (i.e., &#39;fill&#39;) of the element and the`fill`property is set to a value other than`none`, or when the mouse cursor is over the perimeter (i.e., &#39;stroke&#39;) of the element and the`stroke`property is set to a value other than`none`. The value of the`visibility`property does not affect event processing.</dd><dt id=''>`fill`</dt><dd>SVG only. The element can only be the target of a mouse event when the pointer is over the interior (i.e., fill) of the element. The values of the`fill`and`visibility`properties do not affect event processing.</dd><dt id=''>`stroke`</dt><dd>SVG only. The element can only be the target of a mouse event when the pointer is over the perimeter (i.e., stroke) of the element. The values of the`stroke`and`visibility`properties do not affect event processing.</dd><dt id=''>`all`</dt><dd>SVG only. The element can only be the target of a mouse event when the pointer is over the interior (i.e., fill) or the perimeter (i.e., stroke) of the element. The values of the`fill`,`stroke`and`visibility`properties do not affect event processing.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | none | visiblePainted | visibleFill | visibleStroke | visible | painted | fill | stroke | all | inherit
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Basic example<a name="Basic_example"></a>


This example disables mouse events (clicking, dragging, hovering, etc.) on all images.


```
img {
  pointer-events: none;
}
```

### Disabling links<a name="Disabling_links"></a>


This example disables mouse events on the link to http://example.com.


```
<ul>
  <li><a href="https://developer.mozilla.org">MDN</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://example.com">example.com</a></li>
</ul>
```

```
a[href="http://example.com"] {
  pointer-events: none;
}
```
<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/pointer-events$samples/Disabling_links?revision=1380944' width='500' height='100'></iframe>


## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>


Note that preventing an element from being the target of mouse events by using`pointer-events`does*not*necessarily mean that mouse event listeners on that element*cannot*or*will not*be triggered. If one of the element&#39;s children has`pointer-events`explicitly set to*allow*that child to be the target of mouse events, then any events targeting that child will pass through the parent as the event travels along the parent chain, and trigger event listeners on the parent as appropriate. Of course any mouse activity at a point on the screen that is covered by the parent but not by the child will not be caught by either the child or the parent (it will go &quot;through&quot; the parent and target whatever is underneath).



We would like to provide finer grained control (than just`auto`and`none`) in HTML for which parts of an element will cause it to &quot;catch&quot; mouse events, and when. To help us in deciding how`pointer-events`should be further extended for HTML, if you have any particular things that you would like to be able to do with this property, then please add them to the Use Cases section of[this wiki page]31644 "")(don&#39;t worry about keeping it tidy).


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;pointer-events&#39; in that specification.</small>]31645 "") | Recommendation |  


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 



Its extension to HTML elements, though present in early drafts of CSS Basic User Interface Module Level 3, has been pushed to its[level 4]31646 "").


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2.1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
Applies to HTML elements<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The SVG attribute`[pointer-events]18176 "")`
* The SVG attribute`[visibility]36653 "")`
* [WebKit Specs PointerEventsProperty]31648 "")extended for use in (X)HTML content



