---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration
---





The**`text-decoration`**[CSS]28421 "")property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include[`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element."),[`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."), and[`text-decoration-style`]33011 "The text-decoration-style CSS property sets the style of the lines specified by text-decoration-line. The style applies to all lines that are specified; there is no way to define different styles for each of the lines defined by text-decoration-line.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/text-decoration.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


Text decorations are drawn across descendant text elements. This means that if an element specifies a text decoration, then a child element can&#39;t remove the decoration. For example, in the markup`<p>This text has <em>some emphasized words</em> in it.</p>`, the style rule`p { text-decoration: underline; }`would cause the entire paragraph to be underlined. The style rule`em { text-decoration: none; }`would not cause any change; the entire paragraph would still be underlined. However, the rule`em { text-decoration: overline; }`would cause a second decoration to appear on &quot;some emphasized words&quot;.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`text-decoration`property is specified as one or more space-separated values representing the various longhand text-decoration properties.


### Values<a name="Values_2"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element.")</dt><dd>Sets the kind of decoration used, such as`underline`or`line-through`.</dd><dt id=''>[`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value.")</dt><dd>Sets the color of the decoration.</dd><dt id=''>[`text-decoration-style`]33011 "The text-decoration-style CSS property sets the style of the lines specified by text-decoration-line. The style applies to all lines that are specified; there is no way to define different styles for each of the lines defined by text-decoration-line.")</dt><dd>Sets the style of the line used for the decoration, such as`solid`,`wavy`, or`dashed`.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'text-decoration-line'> || <'text-decoration-style'> || <'text-decoration-color'>
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
.under {
  text-decoration: underline red;
}

.over {
  text-decoration: wavy overline lime;
}

.line {
  text-decoration: line-through;
}

.plain {
  text-decoration: none;
}

.underover {
  text-decoration: dashed underline overline;
}

.blink {
  text-decoration: blink;
}
```

```
<p class="under">This text has a line underneath it.</p>
<p class="over">This text has a line over it.</p>
<p class="line">This text has a line going through it.</p>
<p>This <a class="plain" href="#">link will not be underlined</a>,
    as links generally are by default. Be careful when removing
    the text decoration on anchors since users often depend on
    the underline to denote hyperlinks.</p>
<p class="underover">This text has lines above <em>and</em> below it.</p>
<p class="blink">This text might blink for you,
    depending on the browser you use.</p>
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/text-decoration$samples/Examples?revision=1380483' width='auto' height='280'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Text Decoration Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;text-decoration&#39; in that specification.</small>]32159 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Transformed into a shorthand property. Added support for the value of[`text-decoration-style`]33011 "The text-decoration-style CSS property sets the style of the lines specified by text-decoration-line. The style applies to all lines that are specified; there is no way to define different styles for each of the lines defined by text-decoration-line."). 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;text-decoration&#39; in that specification.</small>]32160 "") | Recommendation | No significant changes. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;text-decoration&#39; in that specification.</small>]32161 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."):`currentcolor`
* [`text-decoration-style`]33011 "The text-decoration-style CSS property sets the style of the lines specified by text-decoration-line. The style applies to all lines that are specified; there is no way to define different styles for each of the lines defined by text-decoration-line."):`solid`
* [`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element."):`none` 
Applies to | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables).")and[`::first-line`]28554 "The ::first-line CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first line of a block-level element."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element."): as specified
* [`text-decoration-style`]33011 "The text-decoration-style CSS property sets the style of the lines specified by text-decoration-line. The style applies to all lines that are specified; there is no way to define different styles for each of the lines defined by text-decoration-line."): as specified
* [`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."): computed color 
Animation type | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."): a[color](%4569#Interpolation "Values of the <color> CSS data type are interpolated on each of their red, green, blue components, each handled as a real, floating-point number. Note that interpolation of colors happens in the alpha-premultiplied sRGBA color space to prevent unexpected grey colors to appear.")
* [`text-decoration-style`]33011 "The text-decoration-style CSS property sets the style of the lines specified by text-decoration-line. The style applies to all lines that are specified; there is no way to define different styles for each of the lines defined by text-decoration-line."): discrete
* [`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element."): discrete 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`blink`<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 
Shorthand | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>36 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The individual text-decoration properties are[`text-decoration-line`]33010 "The text-decoration-line CSS property sets the kind of decoration that is used on text in an element."),[`text-decoration-color`]29456 "The text-decoration-color CSS property sets the color of the decorative additions to text that are specified by text-decoration-line; these include underlines and overlines, strikethroughs, and wavy lines like those typically used to indicate content is misspelled (for example). The specified color applies to all such decorative lines in the scope of the property's value."), and[`text-decoration-style`]33011 "The text-decoration-style CSS property sets the style of the lines specified by text-decoration-line. The style applies to all lines that are specified; there is no way to define different styles for each of the lines defined by text-decoration-line.").
* The[`list-style`]29824 "The list-style CSS property is a shorthand for setting the individual values that define how a list is displayed: list-style-type, list-style-image, and list-style-position.")attribute controls the appearance of items in HTML[`<ol>`]12759 "The HTML <ol> element represents an ordered list of items, typically rendered as a numbered list.")and[`<ul>`]13566 "The HTML <ul> element represents an unordered list of items, typically rendered as a bulleted list.")lists.



