---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@viewport/zoom
---





The**`zoom`**[CSS]427 "")descriptor sets the initial zoom factor of a document defined by the[`@viewport`]30488 "The @viewport CSS at-rule lets you configure the viewport through which the document is viewed. It's primarily used for mobile devices, but is also used by desktop browsers that support features like "snap to edge" (such as Microsoft Edge).")[at-rule]4443 "").



A*zoom factor*of`1.0`or`100%`corresponds to no zooming. Larger values are zoomed in. Smaller values are zoomed out.


Related[at-rule]4443 "") | [`@viewport`]30488 "The @viewport CSS at-rule lets you configure the viewport through which the document is viewed. It's primarily used for mobile devices, but is also used by desktop browsers that support features like "snap to edge" (such as Microsoft Edge).") 
[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Percentages | the zoom factor itself 
Media | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`visual`]30489 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB!
* [`continuous`]30490 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB! 
[Computed value]28556 "") | `auto`, or a non-negative number or percentage as specified 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword value */
zoom: auto;

/* <number> values */
zoom: 0.8;
zoom: 2.0;

/* <percentage> values */
zoom: 150%;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")will set the document&#39;s initial zoom factor. The user agent may use the size of canvas area on which the document is rendered to determine that factor.</dd><dt id=''>[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")</dt><dd>A non-negative number used as the zoom factor.</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>A non-negative percentage value used as the zoom factor.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | <number> | <percentage>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Device Adaptation<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&quot;zoom&quot; descriptor&#39; in that specification.</small>]32658 "") | Working Draft | Initial specification 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>



