---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@font-face/font-display
---





The`font-display`descriptor determines how a font face is displayed based on whether and when it is downloaded and ready to use.


## The font display timeline<a name="The_font_display_timeline"></a>


The font display timeline is based on a timer that begins the moment the user agent attempts to use a given downloaded font face. The timeline is divided into the three periods below which dictate the rendering behavior of any elements using the font face.

<dl><dt id=''>Font block period</dt><dd>If the font face is not loaded, any element attempting to use it must render an*invisible*fallback font face. If the font face successfully loads during this period, it is used normally.</dd><dt id=''>Font swap period</dt><dd>If the font face is not loaded, any element attempting to use it must render a fallback font face. If the font face successfully loads during this period, it is used normally.</dd><dt id=''>Font failure period</dt><dd>If the font face is not loaded, the user agent treats it as a failed load causing normal font fallback.</dd></dl>
Related[at-rule]4443 "") | [`@font-face`]26965 "The @font-face CSS at-rule allows authors to specify fonts (online url(), and locally local()), to display text on their web pages. By allowing authors to provide their own fonts, @font-face eliminates the need to depend on the limited number of fonts users have installed on their computers. By allowing authors to access users fonts, @font-face eliminates the dependencies of having internet access, as well as downloading the font's resources locally. These seemingly contrasting options empower developers to take advantage of the users settings in order to provide a seamless typographical experience. The @font-face at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.") 
[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
font-display: auto;
font-display: block;
font-display: swap;
font-display: fallback;
font-display: optional;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The font display strategy is defined by the user agent.</dd><dt id=''>`block`</dt><dd>Gives the font face a short block period and an infinite swap period.</dd><dt id=''>`swap`</dt><dd>Gives the font face an extremely small block period and an infinite swap period.</dd><dt id=''>`fallback`</dt><dd>Gives the font face an extremely small block period and a short swap period.</dd><dt id=''>`optional`</dt><dd>Gives the font face an extremely small block period and no swap period.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ auto | block | swap | fallback | optional ]
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
@font-face {
  font-family: ExampleFont;
  src: url(/path/to/fonts/examplefont.woff) format('woff'),
       url(/path/to/fonts/examplefont.eot) format('eot');
  font-weight: 400;
  font-style: normal;
  font-display: fallback;
} 

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;font-display&#39; in that specification.</small>]38265 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd></dl>



