---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PeriodicWave
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16273 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14193 "")版。</bdi>






您的浏览器不支持 MathML。已使用后备的 CSS 代替。




The**`PeriodicWave`**interface defines a periodic waveform that can be used to shape the output of an[`OscillatorNode`]3965 "The OscillatorNode interface represents a periodic waveform, such as a sine wave. It is an AudioScheduledSourceNode audio-processing module that causes a specified frequency of a given wave to be created—in effect, a constant tone.").




`PeriodicWave`has no inputs or outputs; it is used to define custom oscillators when calling[`OscillatorNode.setPeriodicWave()`]16274 "The setPeriodicWave() method of the OscillatorNode interface is used to point to a PeriodicWave defining a periodic waveform that can be used to shape the oscillator's output, when type is custom."). The`PeriodicWave`itself is created/returned by[`AudioContext.createPeriodicWave()`]16275 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PeriodicWave.PeriodicWave()`]16276 "The PeriodicWave() constructor of the Web Audio API creates a new PeriodicWave object instance.")</dt><dd>Creates a new`PeriodicWave`object instance using the default values for all properties. If you wish to establish custom property values at the outset, use the[`AudioContext.createPeriodicWave()`]16275 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")factory method instead.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>None; also,`PeriodicWave`doesn&#39;t inherit any properties.</em>


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>None; also,`PeriodicWave`doesn&#39;t inherit any properties.</em>


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following example illustrates simple usage of`createPeriodicWave()`, to create a[`PeriodicWave`]14193 "PeriodicWave has no inputs or outputs; it is used to define custom oscillators when calling OscillatorNode.setPeriodicWave(). The PeriodicWave itself is created/returned by AudioContext.createPeriodicWave().")object containing a simple sine wave.


```
var real = new Float32Array(2);
var imag = new Float32Array(2);
var ac = new AudioContext();
var osc = ac.createOscillator();

real[0] = 0;
imag[0] = 0;
real[1] = 1;
imag[1] = 0;

var wave = ac.createPeriodicWave(real, imag, {disableNormalization: true});

osc.setPeriodicWave(wave);

osc.connect(ac.destination);

osc.start();
osc.stop(2);
```


This works because a sound that contains only a fundamental tone is by definition a sine wave



Here, we create a`PeriodicWave`with two values. The first value is the DC offset, which is the value at which the oscillator starts. 0 is good here, because we want to start the curve at the middle of the [-1.0; 1.0] range.



The second and subsequent values are sine and cosine components. You can think of it as the result of a Fourier transform, where you get frequency domain values from time domain value. Here, with`createPeriodicWave()`, you specify the frequencies, and the browser performs an inverse Fourier transform to get a time domain buffer for the frequency of the oscillator. Here, we only set one component at full volume (1.0) on the fundamental tone, so we get a sine wave.



The coefficients of the Fourier transform should be given in<em>ascending</em>order (i.e.<math><semantics><mrow><mrow><mo>(</mo><mrow><mi>a</mi><mo>+</mo><mi>b</mi><mi>i</mi></mrow><mo>)</mo></mrow><msup><mi>e</mi><mi>i</mi></msup><mo>,</mo><mrow><mo>(</mo><mrow><mi>c</mi><mo>+</mo><mi>d</mi><mi>i</mi></mrow><mo>)</mo></mrow><msup><mi>e</mi><mrow><mn>2</mn><mi>i</mi></mrow></msup><mo>,</mo><mrow><mo>(</mo><mrow><mi>f</mi><mo>+</mo><mi>g</mi><mi>i</mi></mrow><mo>)</mo></mrow><msup><mi>e</mi><mrow><mn>3</mn><mi>i</mi></mrow></msup></mrow></semantics></math>etc.) and can be positive or negative. A simple way of manually obtaining such coefficients (though not the best) is to use a graphing calculator.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PeriodicWave&#39; in that specification.</small>]16277 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`PeriodicWave()`constructor]16278 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3811 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [PeriodicWave]16279 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [waveform]16280 "")
* [Web Audio]3829 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Nov 1, 2017, 7:03:46 AM</time>


