---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Permissions
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16296 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16297 "")版。</bdi>










**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]16298 "")carefully before using this in production.




The Permissions interface of the[Permissions API]16284 "")provides the core Permission API functionality, such as methods for querying and revoking permissions


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`Permissions.query()`]16299 "The Permissions.query() method of the Permissions interface returns the state of a user permission on the global scope.")</dt><dd>Returns the user permission status for a given API.</dd><dt>[`Permissions.request()`]16300 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Requests permission to use a given API. This is not currently supported in any browser.</dd><dt>[`Permissions.revoke()`]16301 "The Permissions.revoke() method of the Permissions interface reverts a currently set permission back to its default state, which is usually prompt.")</dt><dd>Revokes the permission currently set on a given API.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
navigator.permissions.query({name:'geolocation'}).then(function(result) {
  if (result.state == 'granted') {
    showLocalNewsWithGeolocation();
  } else if (result.state == 'prompt') {
    showButtonToEnableLocalNews();
  }
  // Don't do anything if the permission was denied.
});
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Permissions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Permissions&#39; in that specification.</small>]16302 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser Support<a name="Browser_Support"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 43.0 | [46]11041 "Released on 2016-04-26.")(46) | ? | ? | ? 
`revoke()` | ? | [47]16303 "Released on 2016-06-07.")(47)<sup>[1]</sup> | ? | ? | ? 
`persistent-storage`permission name | ? | [53]3920 "Released on 2017-04-18.")(53) | ? | ? | ? 






[1] Starting in Firefox 51,[`revoke()`]16301 "The Permissions.revoke() method of the Permissions interface reverts a currently set permission back to its default state, which is usually prompt.")is only available if the preference`dom.permissions.revoke.enable`is`true`. It is`false`by default. This was done because there are discussions ongoing about the design of this method, and even whether it should exist at all. Because of the sensitive nature of its function, Mozilla decided to disable it by default. See[bug 1295877, comment 0]16304 "FIXED: Put Permissions API .revoke() behind a pref")for details.




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Permissions]16291 "")
* [Permissions API]16292 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[ebidel]16305 ""),[poiru]16295 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Mar 2, 2017, 12:10:00 AM</time>


