---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PhotoCapabilities
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16306 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14027 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]16307 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`PhotoCapabilities`**interface of the the[MediaStream Image Capture API]14021 "")provides available configuration options for an attached photographic device. A PhotoCapabilities object is retrieved by calling[`ImageCapture.getPhotoCapabilities()`]14026 "The getPhotoCapabilities() method of the ImageCapture interface returns a Promise that resolves with a PhotoCapabilities object containing the ranges of available configuration options.").


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PhotoCapabilities.redEyeReduction`]16308 "The redEyeReduction read-only property of the PhotoCapabilities interface returns a RedEyeReduction object indicating the red-eye reduction capability of the source.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns one of`"never"`,`"always"`, or`"controllable"`. The`"controllable"`value means the device&#39;s read-eye reduction is controllable by the user.</dd><dt>[`PhotoCapabilities.imageHeight`]14895 "The imageHeight read-only property of the PhotoCapabilities interface returns a MediaSettingsRange object indicating the image height range supported by the user agent.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`MediaSettingsRange`]14892 "The MediaSettingsRange interface of the the MediaStream Image Capture API provides the possible range and value size of PhotoCapabilities.imageHeight and PhotoCapabilities.imageWidth. A PhotoCapabilities object can be retrieved by calling ImageCapture.PhotoCapabilities().")object indicating the image height range supported by the user agent.</dd><dt>[`PhotoCapabilities.imageWidth`]14896 "The imageWidth read-only property of the PhotoCapabilities interface returns a MediaSettingsRange object indicating the image width range supported by the user agent.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`MediaSettingsRange`]14892 "The MediaSettingsRange interface of the the MediaStream Image Capture API provides the possible range and value size of PhotoCapabilities.imageHeight and PhotoCapabilities.imageWidth. A PhotoCapabilities object can be retrieved by calling ImageCapture.PhotoCapabilities().")object indicating the image width range supported by the user agent.</dd><dt>[`PhotoCapabilities.fillLightMode`]16309 "The fillLightMode read-only property of the PhotoCapabilities interface returns an array of available fill light options. Options may include auto, off, or flash.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an array of available fill light options. Options may include`auto`,`off`, or`flash`.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following example, extracted from[Chrome&#39;s Image Capture / Photo Resolution Sample]14901 ""), uses the results from`getPhotoCapabilities()`to modify the size of an input range. This example also shows how the`ImageCapture`object is created using a[`MediaStreamTrack`]14022 "The MediaStreamTrack interface represents a single media track within a stream; typically, these are audio or video tracks, but other track types may exist as well.")retrieved from a device&#39;s[`MediaStream`]14032 "The MediaStream interface represents a stream of media content. A stream consists of several tracks such as video or audio tracks. Each track is specified as an instance of MediaStreamTrack.").


```
const input = document.querySelector('input[type="range"]');

var imageCapture;

navigator.mediaDevices.getUserMedia({video: true})
.then(mediaStream => {
  document.querySelector('video').srcObject = mediaStream;

  const track = mediaStream.getVideoTracks()[0];
  imageCapture = new ImageCapture(track);

  return imageCapture.getPhotoCapabilities();
})
.then(photoCapabilities => {
  const settings = imageCapture.track.getSettings();

  input.min = photoCapabilities.imageWidth.min;
  input.max = photoCapabilities.imageWidth.max;
  input.step = photoCapabilities.imageWidth.step;

  return imageCapture.getPhotoSettings();
})
.then(photoSettings => {
  input.value = photoSettings.imageWidth;
})
.catch(error => console.log('Argh!', error.name || error));
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[MediaStream Image Capture<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PotoCapabilities&#39; in that specification.</small>]16310 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`fillLightMode`]16311 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`imageHeight`]16312 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`imageWidth`]16313 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`redEyeReduction`]16314 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Image]14034 "")
* [Image Capture]14035 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [MediaStream Image Capture API]14037 "")
* [PhotoCapabilities]16315 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 1:39:35 AM</time>


