---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Point
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16340 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16341 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





**`Point`**is an interface, which existed only briefly in the[CSS Transforms Level 1]16342 "The 'CSS Transforms Level 1' specification")specification, which represents a point in 2-dimensional space. It is non-standard, not broadly compatible, and should not be used.



Although it is not directly related to this defunct interface, you are probably looking for[`DOMPoint`]6072 "A DOMPoint represents a 2D or 3D point in a coordinate system."), which is part of the[Geometry Interfaces Module Level 1]16343 "The 'Geometry Interfaces Module Level 1' specification")specification.



## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>`x`</dt><dd>A floating-point value specifying the point&#39;s position with respect to the X (horizontal) axis.</dd><dt>`y`</dt><dd>A floating-point value specifying the point&#39;s position with respect to the Y (vertical) axis.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This class was specified in[the defunct 20 March 2009 Working Draft of CSS 2D Transforms Module Level 3]16344 ""). It is not present in the current working draft of the[CSS Transforms Level 1]16342 "The 'CSS Transforms Level 1' specification")specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | ? | (Yes) | No support | ? | ? | (Yes)<sup>[1]</sup> 





[1] Prefixed as`WebKitPoint`.



[2] Prefixed as`WebKitPoint`. See[notes for Internet Explorer 11 on Windows Phone 8.1]16345 "").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Window.convertPointFromNodeToPage()`]16346 "Given a Point specified in a particular DOM Node's coordinate system, the Window method convertPointFromNodeToPage() returns a Point which specifies the same position in the page's coordinate system. This method is non-standard and should not be used.")
* [`Window.convertPointFromPageToNode()`]16347 "Given a Point specified in the page's coordinate system, the Window method convertPointFromPageToNode() returns a Point object specifying the same location in the coordinate system of the specified DOM Node.")
* [`WebKitPoint`documentation at the IE Dev Center]16348 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSS Transforms]16349 "")
* [CSS3 Transforms]16350 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Point]6427 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 ""),[libbymc]5110 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[cvrebert]4794 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Jul 31, 2017, 9:56:41 AM</time>


