---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PointerEvent
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]16351 "")。






**PointerEvent**接口代表了由<em>指针</em>引发的DOM事件的状态，包括接触点的位置，引发事件的设备类型，接触表面受到的压力等。



<em>指针</em>是输入设备的硬件层抽象（比如鼠标，触摸笔，或触摸屏上的一个触摸点）<em>。指针 能指向一个具体表面（如屏幕）上的一个（或一组）坐标。</em>



指针的<em>击中检测</em>指浏览器用来检测 指针事件的目标元素的过程。大多数情况下，这个目标元素是由 指针的位置和元素在文章中的位置和分层共同决定的。


## Constructors<a name="Constructors"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PointerEvent()`]16352 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Creates a synthetic and untrusted PointerEvent.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface inherits properties from[`MouseEvent`]2910 "MouseEvent 接口指用户与指针设备( 如鼠标 )交互时发生的事件。使用此接口的常见事件包括：click，dblclick，mouseup，mousedown。")and[`Event`]2693 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!").</em>

<dl><dt>[`PointerEvent.pointerId`]16353 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>A unique identifier for the pointer causing the event.</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.width`]16354 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>The width (magnitude on the X axis), in CSS pixels, of the contact geometry of the pointer.</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.height`]16355 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>The height (magnitude on the Y axis), in CSS pixels, of the contact geometry of the pointer.</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.pressure`]16356 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>The normalized pressure of the pointer input in the range 0 to 1, where 0 and 1 represent the minimum and maximum pressure the hardware is capable of detecting, respectively.</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.tangentialPressure`]16357 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>The normalized tangential pressure of the pointer input (also known as barrel pressure or[cylinder stress]16358 "")) in the range -1 to 1, where 0 is the neutral position of the control.</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.tiltX`]16359 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>The plane angle (in degrees, in the range of -90 to 90) between the Y-Z plane and the plane containing both the transducer (e.g. pen stylus) axis and the Y axis.</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.tiltY`]16360 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>The plane angle (in degrees, in the range of -90 to 90) between the X-Z plane and the plane containing both the transducer (e.g. pen stylus) axis and the X axis.</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.twist`]16361 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>The clockwise rotation of the transducer (e.g. pen stylus) around its major axis in degrees, with a value in the range 0 to 359.</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.pointerType`]16362 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Indicates the device type that caused the event (mouse, pen, touch, etc.)</dd><dt>[`PointerEvent.isPrimary`]16363 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Indicates if the pointer represents the primary pointer of this pointer type.</dd></dl>
## Pointer event types<a name="Pointer_event_types"></a>


The`PointerEvent`interface has several event types. To determine which event fired, look at the event&#39;s[`type`]10565 "只读属性 Event.type 会返回一个字符串, 表示该事件对象的事件类型。")property.

**Note:**It&#39;s important to note that in many cases, both pointer and mouse events get sent (in order to let non-pointer-specific code still interact with the user). If you use pointer events, you should call[`event.preventDefault()`]10550 "Event 接口的 preventDefault( ) 方法，告诉user agent：如果此事件没有需要显式处理，那么它默认的动作也不要做（因为默认是要做的）。此事件还是继续传播，除非碰到事件侦听器调用stopPropagation() 或stopImmediatePropagation()，才停止传播。")to keep the mouse event from being sent as well.
<dl><dt>`[pointerover]11843 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerover")`</dt><dd>This event is fired when a pointing device is moved into an element&#39;s hit test boundaries.</dd><dt>`[pointerenter]16364 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerenter")`</dt><dd>This event is fired when when a pointing device is moved into the hit test boundaries of an element or one of its descendants, including as a result of a pointerdown event from a device that does not support hover (see pointerdown). This event type is similar to pointerover, but differs in that it does not bubble.</dd><dt>`[pointerdown]11834 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerdown")`</dt><dd>The event is fired when a pointer becomes<em>active</em>. For mouse, it is fired when the device transitions from no buttons depressed to at least one button depressed. For touch, it is fired when physical contact is made with the digitizer. For pen, it is fired when the stylus makes physical contact with the digitizer.</dd><dt>`[pointermove]11837 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointermove")`</dt><dd>This event is fired when a pointer changes coordinates.</dd><dt>`[pointerup]11839 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerup")`</dt><dd>This event is fired when a pointer is no longer<em>active</em>.</dd><dt>`[pointercancel]11841 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointercancel")`</dt><dd>A browser fires this event if it concludes the pointer will no longer be able to generate events (for example the related device is deactived).</dd><dt>`[pointerout]11846 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerout")`</dt><dd>This event is fired for several reasons including: pointing device is moved out of the hit test boundaries of an element; firing the pointerup event for a device that does not support hover (see pointerup); after firing the pointercancel event (see pointercancel); when a pen stylus leaves the hover range detectable by the digitizer.</dd><dt>`[pointerleave]11850 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerleave")`</dt><dd>This event is fired when a pointing device is moved out of the hit test boundaries of an element. For pen devices, this event is fired when the stylus leaves the hover range detectable by the digitizer.</dd><dt>`[gotpointercapture]10195 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/gotpointercapture")`</dt><dd>This event is fired when an element receives pointer capture.</dd><dt>`[lostpointercapture]10199 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/lostpointercapture")`</dt><dd>This event is fired after pointer capture is released for a pointer.</dd></dl>
## GlobalEventHandlers<a name="GlobalEventHandlers"></a>
<dl><dt>[`GlobalEventHandlers.onpointerover`]11842 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>A[`global event handler`]2730 "The GlobalEventHandlers interface describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, Window, or WorkerGlobalScope for Web Workers. Each of these interfaces can implement more event handlers.")for the`[pointerover]11843 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerover")`event.</dd><dt>[`GlobalEventHandlers.onpointerenter`]11847 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>A[`global event handler`]2730 "The GlobalEventHandlers interface describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, Window, or WorkerGlobalScope for Web Workers. Each of these interfaces can implement more event handlers.")for the`[pointerenter]16364 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerenter")`event.</dd><dt>[`GlobalEventHandlers.onpointerdown`]11833 "pointerdown 事件的 全局事件处理程序")</dt><dd>A[`global event handler`]2730 "The GlobalEventHandlers interface describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, Window, or WorkerGlobalScope for Web Workers. Each of these interfaces can implement more event handlers.")for the`[pointerdown]11834 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerdown")`event.</dd><dt>[`GlobalEventHandlers.onpointermove`]11835 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>A[`global event handler`]2730 "The GlobalEventHandlers interface describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, Window, or WorkerGlobalScope for Web Workers. Each of these interfaces can implement more event handlers.")for the`[pointermove]11837 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointermove")`event.</dd><dt>[`GlobalEventHandlers.onpointerup`]11838 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>A[`global event handler`]2730 "The GlobalEventHandlers interface describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, Window, or WorkerGlobalScope for Web Workers. Each of these interfaces can implement more event handlers.")for the`[pointerup]11839 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerup")`event.</dd><dt>[`GlobalEventHandlers.onpointercancel`]11840 "A global event handler for the pointercancel event.")</dt><dd>A[`global event handler`]2730 "The GlobalEventHandlers interface describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, Window, or WorkerGlobalScope for Web Workers. Each of these interfaces can implement more event handlers.")for the`[pointercancel]11841 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointercancel")`event.</dd><dt>[`GlobalEventHandlers.onpointerout`]11845 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>A[`global event handler`]2730 "The GlobalEventHandlers interface describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, Window, or WorkerGlobalScope for Web Workers. Each of these interfaces can implement more event handlers.")for the`[pointerout]11846 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerout")`event.</dd><dt>[`GlobalEventHandlers.onpointerleave`]11849 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>A[`global event handler`]2730 "The GlobalEventHandlers interface describes the event handlers common to several interfaces like HTMLElement, Document, Window, or WorkerGlobalScope for Web Workers. Each of these interfaces can implement more event handlers.")for the`[pointerleave]11850 "/zh-CN/docs/Web/Reference/Events/pointerleave")`event.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


An Example of each property, event type and global event handler is included in their respective reference page.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Pointer Events – Level 2<br></br><small>PointerEvent</small>]16365 "") | Working Draft | Non-stable version. 
[Pointer Events<br></br><small>PointerEvent</small>]16366 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 55.0 | (Yes) | 未实现<sup>[1]</sup> | 10[ms]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'ms' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>11 | 42 | 未实现 
[`touch-action`]16367 "CSS属性 touch-action 用于指定某个给定的区域是否允许用户操作，以及如何响应用户操作（比如浏览器自带的划动、缩放等）。")property | (Yes) | ? | 未实现<sup>[2]</sup> | 11 | (Yes) | 未实现 
[`tangentialPressure`]16357 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")and[`twist`]16361 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!") | (Yes) | (Yes) | 未实现<sup>[1][3]</sup> | (Yes) | (Yes) | 未实现 





[1] This feature is currently hidden behind a flag; to enable it and experiment, set the`dom.w3c_pointer_events.enabled`preference to`true`in`about:config`.



[2] Starting in Firefox 29,`touch-action`is implemented in Firefox, but is hidden behind the`layout.css.touch_action.enabled`preference. Starting in Firefox Nighly 50, it is enabled by default when running in nightly builds only; no decision has been made on when it will make its way along toward release. You still need to separately enable the`dom.w3c_pointer_events.enabled`preference, however.



[3]`tangentialPressure`and`twist`were implemented in Firefox 54.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Touch Events`]16368 "为了给触摸界面提供有力支持, 触摸事件提供了响应用户对触摸屏或者触摸板上操作的能力.")
* [`GestureEvent`]2729 "The GestureEvent is a proprietary interface specific to WebKit which gives information regarding multi-touch gestures. Events using this interface include gesturestart, gesturechange, and gestureend.")
* [`MSGestureEvent`]2870 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")
* [`touch-action`]16367 "CSS属性 touch-action 用于指定某个给定的区域是否允许用户操作，以及如何响应用户操作（比如浏览器自带的划动、缩放等）。")


&lt;embed height=&quot;0&quot; id=&quot;xunlei_com_thunder_helper_plugin_d462f475-c18e-46be-bd10-327458d045bd&quot; type=&quot;application/thunder_download_plugin&quot; width=&quot;0&quot;/&gt;




## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[ucev]9818 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ucev]9818 ""),<time>Apr 24, 2017, 6:55:41 PM</time>


