---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PopStateEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%16369 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%16370 "")版。</bdi>







An event handler for the`popstate`event on the window.



A`popstate`event is dispatched to the window every time the active history entry changes between two history entries for the same document. If the history entry being activated was created by a call to`history.pushState()`or was affected by a call to`history.replaceState()`, the`popstate`event&#39;s`state`property contains a copy of the history entry&#39;s state object.



**Note**: Just calling`history.pushState()`or`history.replaceState()`won&#39;t trigger a`popstate`event. The`popstate`event is only triggered by doing a browser action such as a clicking on the back button (or calling`history.back()`in JavaScript). And the event is only triggered when the user navigates between two history entries for the same document.




**Note**: Browsers used to handle the`popstate`event differently on page load, but now they behave the same. Firefox never emitted a popstate event on page load. Chrome did until version 34, while Safari did until version 10.0.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
window.onpopstate = funcRef;

```

* <var>funcRef</var>is a handler function.

## The popstate event<a name="The_popstate_event"></a>


As an example, a page at`<var>http://example.com/example.html</var>`running the following code will generate alerts as indicated:


```
window.onpopstate = function(event) {
  alert("location: " + document.location + ", state: " + JSON.stringify(event.state));
};

history.pushState({page: 1}, "title 1", "?page=1");
history.pushState({page: 2}, "title 2", "?page=2");
history.replaceState({page: 3}, "title 3", "?page=3");
history.back(); // alerts "location: http://example.com/example.html?page=1, state: {"page":1}"
history.back(); // alerts "location: http://example.com/example.html, state: null
history.go(2);  // alerts "location: http://example.com/example.html?page=3, state: {"page":3}
```


Note that even though the original history entry (for`<var>http://example.com/example.html</var>`) has no state object associated with it, a`popstate`event is still fired when we activate that entry after the second call to`history.back()`.


## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

* [HTML5 popstate event](%16371 "")

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Manipulating the browser history](%16372 "")
* [Ajax navigation example](%16373 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Référence(2)](%3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 ""),[kscarfone](%3900 ""),[teoli](%160 ""),[rabimba](%15351 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 ""),<time>Apr 27, 2018, 5:15:57 AM</time>


