---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16468 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16469 "")版。</bdi>






The**`PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent`**interface of the[Presentation API]16438 "")is fired on a[`PresentationRequest`]16470 "A PresentationRequest object is used to initiate or reconnect to a presentation made by a controlling browsing context. The PresentationRequest object MUST be implemented in a controlling browsing context provided by a controlling user agent.")when a connection associated with the object is created.



A[controlling user agent]16409 "")[fires]16471 "")a[trusted event]16472 "")named[`connectionavailable`]16473 "")on a[`PresentationRequest`]16474 "")when a connection associated with the object is created. It is fired at the[`PresentationRequest`]16474 "")instance, using the[`PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent`]16475 "")interface, with the[`connection`]16476 "")attribute set to the[``PresentationConnection``]16440 "")object that was created. The event is fired for each connection that is created for the[controller]16477 ""), either by the[controller]16477 "")calling`start()`or`reconnect()`, or by the[controlling user agent]16409 "")creating a connection on the controller&#39;s behalf via[``defaultRequest``]16478 "").


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent()`]16479 "The PresentationConnectionAvailableInit() constructor creates a new PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent.")</dt><dd>Creates a new PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent.connection`]16480 "When an incoming connection is created, a receiving user agent fires a trusted event, named connectionavailable, on a PresentationReceiver. The trusted event is fired at the presentation controller's monitor, using the PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent interface, with the connection attribute set to the PresentationConnection object that was created.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a references to the[`PresentationConnection`]16437 "The PresentationConnection interface of the Presentation API provides methods and properties for managing a single presentation. Each presentation connection is represented by a PresentationConnection object. Both the controlling user agent and receiving user agent MUST implement PresentationConnection.")object that fired the event.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Presentation API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent interface&#39; in that specification.</small>]16481 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent`constructor]16482 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`connection`]16483 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [events]3596 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Presentation API]16419 "")
* [PresentationConnectionAvailableEvent]16484 "")
* [PresentationRequest]16485 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[lucian95]5059 ""),[MashKao]16420 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[lucian95]5059 ""),<time>Apr 12, 2018, 7:07:46 PM</time>


