---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PresentationRequest
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16513 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16470 "")版。</bdi>






A[``PresentationRequest``]16474 "")object is used to initiate or reconnect to a presentation made by a[controlling browsing context]16427 ""). The[``PresentationRequest``]16474 "")object<em>MUST</em>be implemented in a[controlling browsing context]16427 "")provided by a[controlling user agent]16409 "").



When a[``PresentationRequest``]16474 "")is constructed, the given`urls`<em>MUST</em>be used as the list of<dfn>presentation request URLs</dfn>which are each a possible[presentation URL]16514 "")for the[``PresentationRequest``]16474 "")instance.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PresentationRequest()`]16515 "The PresentationRequest constructor creates a new PresentationRequest object which creates a new PresentationRequest.")</dt><dd>Creates a PresentationRequest.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


None


### Event handlers<a name="Event_handlers"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PresentationRequest.onconnectionavailable`]16516 "The following are event handlers (and their corresponding event handler event types) which must be supported, as event handler IDL attributes, by objects implementing the PresentationRequest interface:")</dt><dd>Fires on a successful call to`PresentationRequest.start()`or`PresentationRequest.join()`. This method provides a object with a reference to the created or joined object.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PresentationRequest.start()`]16517 "The start() property of the PresentationRequest interface returns a Promise that resolves with a PresentationConnection after the user agent prompts the user to select a display and grant permission to use that display.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves with a[`PresentationConnection`]16437 "The PresentationConnection interface of the Presentation API provides methods and properties for managing a single presentation. Each presentation connection is represented by a PresentationConnection object. Both the controlling user agent and receiving user agent MUST implement PresentationConnection.")after the user agent prompts the user to select a display and grant permission to use that display.</dd><dt>[`PresentationRequest.reconnect()`]16518 "When the reconnect(presentationId) method is called on a PresentationRequest presentationRequest, the user agent MUST run the following steps to reconnect to a presentation:")</dt><dd>When the`<dfn>reconnect</dfn>(presentationId)`method is called on a`PresentationRequest`<var>presentationRequest</var>, the[user agent]16519 "")<em>MUST</em>run the following steps to<dfn>reconnect to a presentation</dfn>.</dd><dt>[`PresentationRequest.getAvailability()`]16520 "When the getAvailability() method is called, the user agent MUST run the following steps:")</dt><dd>When the`<dfn>getAvailability</dfn>()`method is called, the user agent<em>MUST</em>run the steps as the link.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Presentation API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PresentationRequest interface&#39; in that specification.</small>]16521 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
Secure context required (HTTPS)<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`PresentationRequest`constructor]16522 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getAvailability`]16523 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`onconnectionavailable`]16524 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`reconnect`]16525 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`start`]16526 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`startWithDevice`]16527 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>35 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Presentation API]16419 "")
* [PresentationRequest]16485 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[lucian95]5059 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[MashKao]16420 ""),[rolfedh]3542 "")
**最后编辑者:**[lucian95]5059 ""),<time>Apr 12, 2018, 7:17:32 PM</time>


