---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PromiseResolver
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16553 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16554 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3025#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The`**PromiseResolver**`interface represents an object controlling the state and the result value of a[`Promise`]4281 "The Promise interface represents a proxy for a value not necessarily known at its creation time. It allows you to associate handlers to an asynchronous action's eventual success or failure. This lets asynchronous methods return values like synchronous methods: instead of the final value, the asynchronous method returns a promise of having a value at some point in the future.").


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>No specific property.</em>


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>Doesn&#39;t inherit any method.</em>

<dl><dt>[`PromiseResolver.fulfill()`]16556 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Sets the result value of the associated`Promise`to the parameter and its state to`fulfill`. Call the fulfill callbacks or, if the<em>asynch</em>parameter is set to`true`, queue a task to call them.</dd><dt>[`PromiseResolver.resolve()`]16557 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>...</dd><dt>[`PromiseResolver.reject()`]16558 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Sets the result value of the associated`Promise`to the parameter and its state to`rejected`. Call the reject callbacks or if the<em>asynch</em>parameter is set to`true`, queue a task to call them.</dd></dl>
## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[DOM<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PromiseResolver&#39; in that specification.</small>]16559 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | No support | [24]4943 "Released on 2013-09-17.")(24)<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support | No support 





[1] Nightly of Gecko 24 got an experimental implementation of`PromiseResolver`, under the initial name of`FutureResolver`. It got renamed to its final name in the Gecko 25. To disable it, the preference`dom.promise.enabled`(in Gecko 24,`dom.future.enabled`) must be switched to`false`. Note, only Nightly and Dev Edition versions of Firefox get this interface enabled by default. Beta and Release versions of Gecko have them disabled by default.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using DOM promises]16560 "")
* Related DOM interfaces:[`Promise`]4281 "The Promise interface represents a proxy for a value not necessarily known at its creation time. It allows you to associate handlers to an asynchronous action's eventual success or failure. This lets asynchronous methods return values like synchronous methods: instead of the final value, the asynchronous method returns a promise of having a value at some point in the future.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [DOM Reference]6350 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[MHasan]6763 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sebastianz]4468 ""),<time>Jul 25, 2015, 5:51:00 AM</time>


