---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PublicKeyCredential
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16561 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3980 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3026#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The`**PublicKeyCredential**`interface provides information about a public key / private key pair. It inherits from[`Credential`]5112 "The Credential interface of the the Credential Management API provides information about an entity as a prerequisite to a trust decision."), and was created by the[Web Authentication API]3978 "")exension to the[Credential Management API]5114 ""). Other interfaces that inherit from[`Credential`]5112 "The Credential interface of the the Credential Management API provides information about an entity as a prerequisite to a trust decision.")are[`PasswordCredential`]5117 "The interface of the Credential Management API provides information about a username/password pair. In supporting browsers an instance of this class may be passed in the credential member of the init object for global fetch.")and[`FederatedCredential`]5118 "The FederatedCredential interface of the the Credential Management API provides information about credentials from a federated identity provider. A federated identity provider is an entity that a website trusts to correctly authenticate a user, and that provides an API for that purpose. OpenID Connect is an example of a federated identity provider framework.").


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PublicKeyCredential.type`]16563 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Inherited from[`Credential`]5112 "The Credential interface of the the Credential Management API provides information about an entity as a prerequisite to a trust decision."). Always set to &quot;public-key&quot; for PublicKeyCredentials.</dd><dt>[`PublicKeyCredential.id`]16564 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Inherited from[`Credential`]5112 "The Credential interface of the the Credential Management API provides information about an entity as a prerequisite to a trust decision.")and overridden to be a[base64 encoding]16565 "")of PublicKeyCredential.rawId.</dd><dt>[`PublicKeyCredential.rawId`]16566 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`ArrayBuffer`]14256 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")that holds the globally unique identifier for this PublicKeyCredential. This identifier can be used to look up credentials for future calls to[`CredentialsContainer.get`]3979 "The get() method of the CredentialsContainer interface returns a Promise to a single Credential instance that matches the provided parameters. If no match is found the Promise will resolve to null.").</dd><dt>[`PublicKeyCredential.response`]3981 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An instance of an[`AuthenticatorResponse`]3996 "This is the base interface of AuthenticatorAttestationResponse and AuthenticatorAssertionResponse, which are part of the PublicKeyCredential.response resulting from create() and get(), respectively. It contains the AuthenticatorResponse.clientDataJSON that is inherited by those interfaces.")object. It is either of type[`AuthenticatorAttestationResponse`]3993 "{{APIRef("Web Authentication API")}}{{ SeeCompatTable() }}")if the PublicKeyCredential was the results of a[create()]3995 "")call, or of type[`AuthenticatorAssertionResponse`]3976 "When a WebAuthn authenticator peforms an authentication via the get() call, the result is a new PublicKeyCredential, the PublicKeyCredential.response value will be an AuthenticatorAssertionResponse object. This object contains both the client data (i.e. - browser data) for the authentication as well as the data from the authenticator to cryptographically prove that the authentication is valid.")if the PublicKeyCredential was the result of a[get()]3979 "")call.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PublicKeyCredential.getClientExtensionResults()`]16567 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>If any extensions were requested, this method will return the results of processing those extensions.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Authentication: An API for accessing Public Key Credentials Level 1]3986 "The 'Web Authentication: An API for accessing Public Key Credentials Level 1' specification") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`rawId`]16568 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`response`]16569 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getClientExtensionResults`]16570 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`isUserVerifyingPlatformAuthenticatorAvailable`]16571 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[Garitz]5126 ""),[apowers313]3991 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Apr 5, 2018, 5:20:49 PM</time>


