---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/PushRegistrationManager
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16636 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16637 "")版。</bdi>






**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table]16638 "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





Returns an interface to register or unregister a push registration, get an active registration, or check the permission status of the registration. This interface has been superceded by[`PushManager`]16639 "The PushManager interface of the Push API provides a way to receive notifications from third-party servers as well as request URLs for push notifications.").


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`PushRegistrationManager.register()`]16640 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a promise that resolves to a[`PushRegistration`]16641 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")with details of a new registration.</dd><dt>[`PushRegistrationManager.unregister()`]16642 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a promise that resolves to a[`PushRegistration`]16641 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")with details of the unregistered registration.</dd><dt>[`PushRegistrationManager.getRegistration()`]16643 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a promise that resolves the[`PushRegistration`]16641 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")associated with the current webapp.</dd><dt>[`PushRegistrationManager.hasPermission()`]16644 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Returns a promise that resolves to the[`PushPermissionStatus`]16645 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")of the requesting webapp.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Push API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;PushRegistrationManager&#39; in that specification.</small>]16646 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`register`]16647 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`unregister`]16648 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`getRegistration`]16649 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`hasPermission`]16650 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Deprecated]3956 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsBrowserCompatibility]4964 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [PushRegistrationManager]16651 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[tocretpa]9666 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Feb 27, 2018, 8:45:05 AM</time>


