---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/RTCDTMFSender
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16696 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16697 "")版。</bdi>






The**`RTCDTMFSender`**interface provides a mechanism for transmitting[DTMF]16698 "DTMF: Dual-Tone Multi-Frequency (DTMF) signaling is a system by which audible tones are used to represent buttons being pressed on a keypad. Frequently referred to in the United States as "touch tone" (after the Touch-Tone trademark used when the transition from pulse dialing to DTMF began), DTMF makes it possible to signal the digits 0-9 as well as the letters "A" through "D" and the symbols "#" and "*". Few telephone keypads include the letters, which are typically used for control signaling by the telephone network.")codes on a[WebRTC]14655 "")[`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed."). You gain access to the connection&#39;s`RTCDTMFSender`through the[`RTCRtpSender.dtmf`]16699 "The read-only dtmf property on the RTCRtpSender interface returns a RTCDTMFSender object which can be used to send DTMF tones over the RTCPeerConnection . See Using DTMF for details on how to make use of the returned RTCDTMFSender object.")property on the audio track you wish to send DTMF with.



The primary purpose for WebRTC&#39;s DTMF support is to allow WebRTC-based communication clients to be connected to a[public-switched telephone network]16700 "public-switched telephone network")(PSTN) or other legacy telephone service, including extant voice over IP (VoIP) services. For that reason, DTMF can&#39;t be used between two WebRTC-based devices, because there is no mechanism provided by WebRTC for receiving DTMF codes.

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCDTMFSender$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1358695' width='600' height='70'></iframe>

## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`RTCDTMFSender.toneBuffer`]16701 "The RTCDTMFSender interface's toneBuffer property returns a string containing a list of the DTMF tones currently queued for sending to the remote peer over the RTCPeerConnection. To place tones into the buffer, call insertDTMF().")Read only</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")which contains the list of DTMF tones currently in the queue to be transmitted (tones which have already been played are no longer included in the string). See[`toneBuffer`]16701 "The RTCDTMFSender interface's toneBuffer property returns a string containing a list of the DTMF tones currently queued for sending to the remote peer over the RTCPeerConnection. To place tones into the buffer, call insertDTMF().")for details on the format of the tone buffer.</dd></dl>
### Event handlers<a name="Event_handlers"></a>
<dl><dt>[`RTCDTMFSender.ontonechange`]16702 "The ontonechange property of the RTCDTMFSender interface is used to set the event handler for the tonechange event, which is sent to the RTCDTMFSender each time a tone begins or ends. The event handler receives as input a single parameter of type RTCDTMFToneChangeEvent, which describes the change.")</dt><dd>An[`EventHandler`]4338 "A possible way to get notified of Events of a particular type (such as click) for a given object is to specify an event handler using:")to handle the`[tonechange]16703 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/tonechange")`event, which is sent each time an outbound tone starts or finishes playing.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`RTCDTMFSender.insertDTMF()`]16704 "The insertDTMF() method on the RTCDTMFSender interface starts sending ")</dt><dd>Given a string describing a set of DTMF codes and, optionally, the duration of and inter-tone gap between the tones,`insertDTMF()`starts sending the specified tones. Calling`insertDTMF()`replaces any already-pending tones from the`toneBuffer`. You can abort sending queued tones by specifying an empty string (`""`) as the set of tones to play.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>


tbd


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebRTC 1.0: Real-time Communication Between Browsers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;RTCDTMFSender&#39; in that specification.</small>]16705 "") | Candidate Recommendation |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`toneBuffer`]16706 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`ontonechange`]16707 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`insertDTMF`]16708 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`canInsertDTMF`]16709 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebRTC API]14655 "")
* [Using DTMF with WebRTC]16710 "")
* [`RTCRtpSender.dtmf`]16699 "The read-only dtmf property on the RTCRtpSender interface returns a RTCDTMFSender object which can be used to send DTMF tones over the RTCPeerConnection . See Using DTMF for details on how to make use of the returned RTCDTMFSender object.")
* [`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed.")
* [`RTCRtpSender`]16711 "The RTCRtpSender interface provides the ability to control and obtain details about how a particular MediaStreamTrack is encoded and sent to a remote peer.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Audio]3822 "")
* [DTMF]16712 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [PSTN]16713 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [RTCDTMFSender]16714 "")
* [Telephony]16715 "")
* [Touch-tone]16716 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")
* [WebRTC API]14659 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 5:52:04 AM</time>


