---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/RTCIceServer
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16834 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16835 "")版。</bdi>






The`**RTCIceServer**`dictionary defines how to connect to a single ICE server (such as a[STUN]16779 "STUN: STUN (Session Traversal Utilities for NAT) is an auxiliary protocol for transmitting data around a NAT (Network Address Translator). STUN returns the IP address, port, and connectivity status of a networked computer behind a NAT.")or[TURN]16836 "TURN: TURN (Traversal Using Relays around NAT) is a protocol enabling a computer to receive and send data from behind a Network Address Translator (NAT) or firewall.")server). It includes both the URL and the necessary credentials, if any, to connect to the server.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`credential`]16837 "The RTCIceServer dictionary's credential property is a string providing the credential to use when connecting to the described server. This is typically a password, key, or other secret.")Optional</dt><dd>The credential to use when logging into the server. This is only used if the`RTCIceServer`represents a TURN server.</dd><dt>[`credentialType`]16838 "The RTCIceServer dictionary's credentialType property is a string value from the RTCIceCredentialType enum which indicates what type of credential the RTCIceServer.credential value is. The default is "password".")Optional</dt><dd>If the`RTCIceServer`represents a TURN server, this attribute specifies what kind of`credential`is to be used when connecting. This must be one of the values defined by the`RTCIceCredentialType`enum. The default is`"password"`.</dd><dt>[`url`]16839 "The obsolete RTCIceServer dictionary's url property specifies the URL of a single ICE server to be used while negotiating connections. It was removed from the specification in June 2013 but is still broadly used in older examples and books, so we include documentation here to help adapt old code to new browsers.")<i></i></dt><dd>This obsolete property is a string specifies a single ICE server&#39;s URL.**Do not use this property; use[`RTCIceServer.urls`]16840 "The RTCIceServer dictionary's urls property specifies the URL or URLs of the servers to be used for ICE negotiations. These are typically STUN and/or TURN servers.")instead.**Because many older books and examples still use this, we include it to help developers update their code or make sense of older examples.</dd><dt>[`urls`]16840 "The RTCIceServer dictionary's urls property specifies the URL or URLs of the servers to be used for ICE negotiations. These are typically STUN and/or TURN servers.")</dt><dd>This**required**property is either a single[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")or an array of[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")s, each specifying a URL which can be used to connect to the server.</dd><dt>[`username`]16841 "The RTCIceServer dictionary's username property is a string which specifies the username to use when authenticating with the ICE server being described.")Optional</dt><dd>If the`RTCIceServer`is a TURN server, then this is the username to use during the authentication process.</dd></dl>

Avoid specifying an unnecessarily large number of URLs in the`urls`property; the startup time for your connection will go up substantially. Every server in the list will be contacted and tried out before one is selected to be used for negotiation.



Older versions of the WebRTC specification included an`url`property instead of`urls`; this was changed in order to let you specify multiple addresses for each server in the list, as shown in the example below.



## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>

### RTCIceCredentialType enum<a name="RTCIceCredentialType_enum"></a>


The`RTCIceCredentialType`enum specifies values which can be returned by the`credentialType`property to define what kind of authentication credential is being provided in the[`RTCIceServer.credential`]16837 "The RTCIceServer dictionary's credential property is a string providing the credential to use when connecting to the described server. This is typically a password, key, or other secret.")property. This can be one of the values below.

Constant | Description 
`"password"` | The credential is a long-term authentication password. See[RFC 5389, section 10.2]16842 "")for further details on this type of credential. 
`"token"` | The credential is an access token to be used with a third-party authentication system. 
 ---  |  ---  | 

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The configuration below establishes two ICE servers. The first one,`stun:stun.services.mozilla.com`, requires authentication, so the username and password are provided. The second server has two URLs:`stun:stun.example.com`and`stun:stun-1.example.com`.


```
var configuration = { iceServers: [{
                          urls: "stun:stun.services.mozilla.com",
                          username: "louis@mozilla.com", 
                          credential: "webrtcdemo"
                      }, {
                          urls: [
                                  "stun:stun.example.com",
                                  "stun:stun-1.example.com"
                          ]
                      }]
};

var pc = new RTCPeerConnection(configuration);
```


Once the configuration object has been created, it is passed into the[`RTCPeerConnection()`]16843 "The RTCPeerConnection() constructor returns a newly-created RTCPeerConnection, which represents a connection between the local device and a remote peer.")constructor to use it as the configuration for the new peer connection.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`credential`]16844 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`credentialType`]16845 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`url`]16846 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>22 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`urls`]16847 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`username`]16848 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>23 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed.")
* [`RTCConfiguration`]16849 "The RTCConfiguration dictionary is used to provide configuration options for an RTCPeerConnection. It may be passed into the constructor when instantiating a connection, or used with the RTCPeerConnection.getConfiguration() and RTCPeerConnection.setConfiguration() methods, which allow inspecting and changing the configuration while a connection is established.")
* [Lifetime of a WebRTC session]16770 "")
* [WebRTC connectivity]16771 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Authentication]16850 "")
* [Configuration]3842 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [ICE]16818 "")
* [RTCIceServer]16851 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[zarvox]16852 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 8:42:31 AM</time>


