---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/RTCIdentityEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16874 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16875 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3045#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`RTCIdentityEvent`**interface represents an identity assertion generated by an identity provider (idP). This is usually for an[`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed."). The only event sent with this type is`[identityresult]16877 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/identityresult")`..



Firefox implements this interface under the following name:`RTCPeerConnectionIdentityEvent.`It is likely that it will correct this name when it will unprefix[`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed."), once spec and implementation will have been stabilized.



## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>A[`RTCIdentityEvent`]16875 "The RTCIdentityEvent interface represents an identity assertion generated by an identity provider (idP). This is usually for an RTCPeerConnection. The only event sent with this type is identityresult..")being an[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events."), this event also implements these properties</em>.

<dl><dt>[`RTCIdentityEvent.assertion`]16878 "The read-only property RTCIdentityEvent.assertion returns the DOMString containing a blob being the coded assertion associated with the event.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")containing a blob being the assertion generated.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>A[`RTCIdentityEvent`]16875 "The RTCIdentityEvent interface represents an identity assertion generated by an identity provider (idP). This is usually for an RTCPeerConnection. The only event sent with this type is identityresult..")being an[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events."), this event also implements these properties</em>.<em>There is no specific<em>[`RTCIdentityEvent`]16875 "The RTCIdentityEvent interface represents an identity assertion generated by an identity provider (idP). This is usually for an RTCPeerConnection. The only event sent with this type is identityresult..")</em>method.</em>


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
pc.onidentityresult = function( ev ) {
                         alert("A new identity assertion (blob: '" + 
                               ev.assertion + 
                               "') has been generated.");
                      }
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebRTC 1.0: Real-time Communication Between Browsers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;RTCIdentityEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]16879 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr><abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`assertion`]16880 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebRTC]14998 "/en-US/docs/CSS/Using_CSS_animations")
* Its usual target:[`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [RTCIdentityEVent]16881 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")
* [WebRTC API]14659 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 8:52:33 AM</time>


