---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]16948 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]16949 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3047#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent`**interface represents events that occurs in relation to ICE candidates with the target, usually an[`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed."). Only one event is of this type:`[icecandidate]16951 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/icecandidate")`.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>A[`RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent`]16949 "The RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent interface represents events that occurs in relation to ICE candidates with the target, usually an RTCPeerConnection. Only one event is of this type: icecandidate.")being an[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events."), this event also implements these properties</em>.

<dl><dt>[`RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent.candidate`]16952 "The read-only property RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent.candidate returns the RTCIceCandidate associated with the event.")Read only</dt><dd>Contains the[`RTCIceCandidate`]16768 "The RTCIceCandidate interface—part of the WebRTC API—represents a candidate Internet Connectivity Establishment (ICE) server which may be used to establish an RTCPeerConnection.")containing the candidate associated with the event.</dd></dl>
## Constructors<a name="Constructors"></a>
<dl><dt>[`RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent()`]16953 "The RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent() constructor creates a new RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent.")</dt><dd>Returns a new RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent. It takes two parameters, the first being a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the type of the event; the second a dictionary containing the[`RTCIceCandidate`]16768 "The RTCIceCandidate interface—part of the WebRTC API—represents a candidate Internet Connectivity Establishment (ICE) server which may be used to establish an RTCPeerConnection.")it refers to.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>A[`RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent`]16949 "The RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent interface represents events that occurs in relation to ICE candidates with the target, usually an RTCPeerConnection. Only one event is of this type: icecandidate.")being an[`Event`]3943 "The Event interface represents any event which takes place in the DOM; some are user-generated (such as mouse or keyboard events), while others are generated by APIs (such as events that indicate an animation has finished running, a video has been paused, and so forth). There are many types of events, some of which use other interfaces based on the main Event interface. Event itself contains the properties and methods which are common to all events."), this event also implements these properties</em>.<em>There is no specific<em>[`RTCDataChannelEvent`]16753 "The RTCDataChannelEvent() constructor returns a new RTCDataChannelEvent object, which represents a datachannel event. These events sent to an RTCPeerConnection when its remote peer is asking to open an RTCDataChannel between the two peers.")</em>method.</em>


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
pc.onicecandidate = function( ev ) {
  alert("The ICE candidate (transport address: '" + 
    ev.candidate.candidate + 
    "') has been added to this connection.");
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebRTC 1.0: Real-time Communication Between Browsers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]16954 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>? — 56<abbr>Alternate Name<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`candidate`]16955 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`RTCPeerConnectionIceEvent()`constructor.]16956 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`url`]16957 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebRTC]14998 "/en-US/docs/CSS/Using_CSS_animations")
* Its usual target:[`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed.").



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [RTCIceCandidateEvent]16958 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 6:15:05 AM</time>


