---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/RTCRtpCodecParameters
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%16959 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%16960 "")版。</bdi>






The[`RTCRtpCodecParameters`](%16960 "The RTCRtpCodecParameters dictionary, part of the WebRTC API, is used to describe the configuration parameters for a single media codec.")dictionary, part of the WebRTC API, is used to describe the configuration parameters for a single media[codec](%16961 "codec: A codec  (a blend word derived from "coder-decoder") is a program, algorithm, or device that encodes or decodes a data stream. A given codec knows how to handle a specific encoding or compression technology.").In addition to being the type of the[`RTCRtpParameters.codecs`](%16962 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property, it&#39;s used when calling[`RTCRtpTransceiver.setCodecPreferences()`](%16963 "The RTCRtpTransceiver method setCodecPreferences() configures the transceiver's codecs given a list of RTCRtpCodecParameters objects specifying the new preferences for each codec.")to configure a transceiver&#39;s codecs before beginning the offer/answer process to establish a WebRTC peer connection.



Most of the fields in this property take values which are defined and maintained by the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA). References to relevant IANA documents are provided in the[see also](%16964 "")section at the end of this article.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`payloadType`](%16965 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read onlyOptional</dt><dd>The[RTP payload type](%16966 "")used to identify this codec.</dd><dt>[`mimeType`](%16967 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read onlyOptional</dt><dd>The codec&#39;s MIME media type and subtype specified as a[`DOMString`](%3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")of the form`"type/subtype"`. IANA maintains a[registry of valid MIME types](%16968 "").</dd><dt>[`clockRate`](%16969 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read onlyOptional</dt><dd>An unsigned long integer value specifying the codec&#39;s clock rate in hertz (Hz). The clock rate is the rate at which the codec&#39;s RTP timestamp advances. Most codecs have specific values or ranges of values they permit; see the[IANA payload format media type registry](%16968 "")for details.</dd><dt>[`channels`](%16970 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read onlyOptional</dt><dd>An unsigned short integer indicating the number of channels the codec should support. For example, for audio codecs, a value of 1 specifies monaural sound while 2 indicates stereo.</dd><dt>[`sdpFmtpLine`](%16971 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read onlyOptional</dt><dd>A`DOMString`containing the format-specific parameters field from the`"a=fmtp"`line in the codec&#39;s[SDP](%16790 "SDP: SDP (Session Description Protocol) is the standard describing a peer-to-peer connection. SDP contains the codec, source address, and timing information of audio and video."), if one is present; see[section 5.8 of the IETF specification for JSEP](%16972 "").**Note:**On an[`RTCRtpReceiver`](%16973 "The RTCRtpReceiver interface of the the WebRTC API manages the reception and decoding of data for a MediaStreamTrack on an RTCPeerConnection."), the format-specific parameters come from the SDP sent by the remote peer, while for[`RTCRtpSender`](%16711 "The RTCRtpSender interface provides the ability to control and obtain details about how a particular MediaStreamTrack is encoded and sent to a remote peer."), they&#39;re provided by the local description.
</dd></dl>
## See also<a name="See_also"></a>
<dl><dt>[Real-Time Transport Protocol (RTP) Parameters](%16974 "")</dt><dd>The IANA document providing registries of permitted values for the RTP parameters used by this dictionary.</dd></dl>


## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Codec Configuration](%16975 "")
* [Codec Parameters](%16976 "")
* [Codec Preferences](%16977 "")
* [Dictionary](%3539 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [Media](%3827 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [RTCRtpCodecParameters](%16978 "")
* [RTCRtpReceiver](%16979 "")
* [RTCRtpSender](%16980 "")
* [RTCRtpTransceiver](%16981 "")
* [RTP](%16982 "")
* [SDP](%16820 "")
* [setCodecPreferences](%16983 "")
* [WebRTC](%5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy](%405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy](%405 ""),<time>Feb 7, 2018, 1:59:03 PM</time>


