---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/RTCRtpSynchronizationSource
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17059 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17023 "")版。</bdi>






The**`RTCRtpSynchronizationSource`**dictionary of the the[WebRTC API]14655 "")is used by[`getSynchronizationSources()`]17022 "The getSynchronizationSources() method of the RTCRtpReceiver interface returns an array of RTCRtpContributingSource instances, each corresponding to one SSRC (synchronization source) identifier received by the current RTCRtpReceiver in the last ten seconds.")to describe a particular synchronization source (SSRC).A synchronization source is a single source that shares timing and sequence number space. Since`RTCRtpSynchronizationSource`implements[`RTCRtpContributingSource`]16985 "The RTCRtpContributingSource dictionary of the the WebRTC API is used by getContributingSources() to provide information about a given contributing source (CSRC), including the most recent time a packet that the source contributed was played out."), its properties are also available.



The information provided is based on the last ten seconds of media received.



While the published specification describes this as an interface, it has since been changed to a dictionary in follow-up drafts.



## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Also implements the properties of[`RTCRtpContributingSource`]16985 "The RTCRtpContributingSource dictionary of the the WebRTC API is used by getContributingSources() to provide information about a given contributing source (CSRC), including the most recent time a packet that the source contributed was played out.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`voiceActivityFlag`]17060 "The read-only voiceActivityFlag property of the RTCRtpSynchronizationSource interface indicates whether or not the most recent RTP packet on the source includes voice activity.")Optional</dt><dd>A Boolean value indicating whether or not voice activity is included in the last RTP packet played from the source. If the peer has indicated that it&#39;s not supporting voice activity detection, this field is not provided.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebRTC 1.0: Real-time Communication Between Browsers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;RTCRtpSynchronizationSource&#39; in that specification.</small>]17061 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`voiceActivityFlag`]17062 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>59<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [RTCRtpSynchronizationSource]17063 "")
* [RTP]16982 "")
* [Synchronization Source]17064 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 15, 2018, 2:59:11 AM</time>


