---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/RTCSctpTransport
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17104 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17105 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3057#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`RTCSctpTransport`**interface provides information which describes a Stream Control Transmission Protocol (**[SCTP]17107 "SCTP: SCTP (Stream Control Transmission Protocol) is an IETF standard for a transport protocol which enables the reliable, in-order transmission of messages while offering congestion control, multi-homing, and other features to improve reliability and stability of the connection. It's used for sending traditional telephone calls over the Internet, but is also used for WebRTC data.")**) transport. This provides information about limitations of the transport, but also provides a way to access the underlying Datagram Transport Layer Security (**[DTLS]17108 "The definition of that term (DTLS) has not been written yet; please consider contributing it!")**) transport over which SCTP packets for all of an[`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed.")&#39;s data channels are sent and received.



You don&#39;t create[`RTCSctpTransport`]17105 "The RTCSctpTransport interface provides information which describes a Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP) transport. This provides information about limitations of the transport, but also provides a way to access the underlying Datagram Transport Layer Security (DTLS) transport over which SCTP packets for all of an RTCPeerConnection's data channels are sent and received.")objects yourself; instead, you get access to the`RTCSctpTransport`for a given`RTCPeerConnection`through its**[`sctp`]17109 "The read-only sctp property on the RTCPeerConnection interface returns an RTCSctpTransport describing the SCTP transport over which SCTP data is being sent and received. If SCTP hasn't been negotiated, this value is null.")**property.



Possibly the most useful property on this interface is its[`maxMessageSize`]17110 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property, which you can use to determine the upper limit on the size of messages you can send over a data channel on the peer connection.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>The`RTCSctpTransport`interface doesn&#39;t inherit any properties.</em>

<dl><dt>[`RTCSctpTransport.maxMessageSize`]17110 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An integer value indicating the maximum size, in bytes, of a message which can be sent using the[`RTCDataChannel.send()`]17111 "The send() method of the RTCDataChannel interface sends data across the data channel to the remote peer.")method.</dd><dt>[`RTCSctpTransport.transport`]17112 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>An[`RTCDtlsTransport`]17018 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")object representing the[DTLS]17108 "The definition of that term (DTLS) has not been written yet; please consider contributing it!")transport used for the transmission and receipt of data packets.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>The`RTCSessionDescription`doesn&#39;t inherit any methods and has no methods of its own.</em>


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


TBD


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebRTC 1.0: Real-time Communication Between Browsers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;RTCSctpTransport&#39; in that specification.</small>]17113 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`maxMessageSize`]17114 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`transport`]17115 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`onstatechange`]17116 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`state`]17117 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebRTC]14998 "/en-US/docs/CSS/Using_CSS_animations")
* [`RTCPeerConnection`]16675 "The RTCPeerConnection interface represents a WebRTC connection between the local computer and a remote peer. It provides methods to connect to a remote peer, maintain and monitor the connection, and close the connection once it's no longer needed.")
* [`RTCPeerConnection.sctp`]17109 "The read-only sctp property on the RTCPeerConnection interface returns an RTCSctpTransport describing the SCTP transport over which SCTP data is being sent and received. If SCTP hasn't been negotiated, this value is null.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [RTCSctpTransport]17118 "")
* [Unimplemented]17119 "")
* [WebRTC]5058 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 6:17:50 AM</time>


