---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ReadableByteStreamController
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%17205 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%17206 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology](%3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%17207 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`ReadableByteStreamController`**interface of the[Streams API](%4392 "")represents a controller allowing control of a[`ReadableStream`](%14259 "The ReadableStream interface of the Streams API represents a readable stream of byte data. The Fetch API offers a concrete instance of a ReadableStream through the body property of a Response object.")&#39;s state and internal queue. Byte stream controllers are for byte streams.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableByteStreamController()`](%17208 "The ReadableByteStreamController() constructor creates and returns a ReadableByteStreamController() object instance.")</dt><dd>Creates and returns a`ReadableByteStreamController()`object instance.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableByteStreamController.byobRequest`](%17209 "The byobRequest getter property of the ReadableByteStreamController interface returns the current BYOB pull request.")</dt><dd>Returns the current BYOB pull request.</dd><dt>[`ReadableByteStreamController.desiredSize`](%17210 "The desiredSize getter property of the ReadableByteStreamController interface returns the desired size required to fill the stream's internal queue.")</dt><dd>Returns the desired size required to fill the stream&#39;s internal queue.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableByteStreamController.close()`](%17211 "The close() method of the ReadableByteStreamController interface closes the associated stream.")</dt><dd>Closes the associated stream.</dd><dt>[`ReadableByteStreamController.enqueue()`](%17212 "The enqueue() method of the ReadableByteStreamController interface enqueues a given chunk in the associated stream.")</dt><dd>Enqueues a given chunk in the associated stream.</dd><dt>[`ReadableByteStreamController.error()`](%17213 "The error() method of the ReadableByteStreamController interface causes any future interactions with the associated stream to error.")</dt><dd>Causes any future interactions with the associated stream to error.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


TBD.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Streams<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ReadableByteStreamController&#39; in that specification.</small>](%17214 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | No support | No support | No support | No support | No support 











## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Experimental](%3379 "")
* [Fetch](%4322 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [ReadableByteStreamController](%17215 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Streams](%4399 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 ""),<time>Feb 8, 2018, 2:50:51 AM</time>


