---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ReadableStreamBYOBReader
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%17230 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%17231 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology](%3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%17232 "")carefully before using this in production.




The`ReadableStreamDefaultReader`interface of the[Streams API](%4392 "")represents a BYOB (&quot;bring your own buffer&quot;) reader that can be used to read stream data supplied by the developer (e.g. a custom[`ReadableStream.ReadableStream()`](%17233 "The ReadableStream() constructor creates and returns a readable stream object from the given handlers.")constructor).


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableStreamBYOBReader()`](%17234 "The ReadableStreamBYOBReader() constructor creates and returns a ReadableStreamBYOBReader() object instance.")</dt><dd>Creates and returns a`ReadableStreamBYOBReader()`object instance.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableStreamBYOBReader.closed`](%17235 "The closed getter property of the ReadableStreamBYOBReader interface returns a promise that fulfills if the stream becomes closed or the reader's lock is released, or rejects if the stream errors.")</dt><dd>Allows you to write code that responds to an end to the streaming process. Returns a promise that fulfills if the stream becomes closed or the reader&#39;s lock is released, or rejects if the stream errors.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableStreamBYOBReader.cancel()`](%17236 "The cancel() method of the ReadableStreamBYOBReader interface cancels the stream, signaling a loss of interest in the stream by a consumer. The supplied reason argument will be given to the underlying source, which may or may not use it.")</dt><dd>Cancels the stream, signaling a loss of interest in the stream by a consumer. The supplied reason argument will be given to the underlying source, which may or may not use it.</dd><dt>[`ReadableStreamBYOBReader.read()`](%17237 "The read() method of the ReadableStreamBYOBReader interface returns a promise providing access to the next chunk in the byte stream's internal queue.")</dt><dd>Returns a promise providing access to the next chunk in the stream&#39;s internal queue.</dd><dt>[`ReadableStreamBYOBReader.releaseLock()`](%17238 "The releaseLock() method of the ReadableStreamBYOBReader interface releases the reader's lock on the stream. After the lock is released, the reader is no longer active.")</dt><dd>Releases the reader&#39;s lock on the stream.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


TBD.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Streams<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ReadableStreamBYOBReader&#39; in that specification.</small>](%17239 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | No support | No support | No support | No support | No support 











## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Experimental](%3379 "")
* [Fetch](%4322 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [ReadableStreamBYOBReader](%17240 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Streams](%4399 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 ""),[aardgoose](%17241 ""),[fscholz](%60 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills](%3495 ""),<time>Feb 8, 2018, 2:51:57 AM</time>


