---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ReadableStreamDefaultController
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17256 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17257 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]17258 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`ReadableStreamDefaultController`**interface of the[Streams API]4392 "")represents a controller allowing control of a[`ReadableStream`]14259 "The ReadableStream interface of the Streams API represents a readable stream of byte data. The Fetch API offers a concrete instance of a ReadableStream through the body property of a Response object.")&#39;s state and internal queue. Default controllers are for streams that are not byte streams.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableStreamDefaultController()`]17259 "The ReadableStreamDefaultController() constructor creates and returns a ReadableStreamDefaultController() object instance.")</dt><dd>Creates and returns a`ReadableStreamDefaultController()`object instance.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableStreamDefaultController.desiredSize`]17260 "The desiredSize getter property of the ReadableStreamDefaultController interface returns the desired size required to fill the stream's internal queue.")</dt><dd>Returns the desired size required to fill the stream&#39;s internal queue.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`ReadableStreamDefaultController.close()`]17261 "The close() method of the ReadableStreamDefaultController interface closes the associated stream.")</dt><dd>Closes the associated stream.</dd><dt>[`ReadableStreamDefaultController.enqueue()`]17262 "The enqueue() method of the ReadableStreamDefaultController interface enqueues a given chunk in the associated stream.")</dt><dd>Enqueues a given chunk in the associated stream.</dd><dt>[`ReadableStreamDefaultController.error()`]17263 "The error() method of the ReadableStreamDefaultController interface causes any future interactions with the associated stream to error.")</dt><dd>Causes any future interactions with the associated stream to error.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


In the following simple example, a custom`ReadableStream`is created using a constructor (see our[Simple random stream example]17264 "")for the full code). The`start()`function generates a random string of text every second and enqueues it into the stream. A`cancel()`function is also provided to stop the generation if[`ReadableStream.cancel()`]17265 "The cancel() method of the ReadableStream interface cancels the associated stream. The supplied reason parameter will be given to the underlying source, which may or may not use it.")is called for any reason.



Note that a[`ReadableStreamDefaultController`]17257 "The ReadableStreamDefaultController interface of the Streams API represents a controller allowing control of a ReadableStream's state and internal queue. Default controllers are for streams that are not byte streams. ")object is provided as the parameter of the`start()`and`pull()`functions.



When a button is pressed, the generation is stopped, the stream is closed using[`ReadableStreamDefaultController.close()`]17261 "The close() method of the ReadableStreamDefaultController interface closes the associated stream."), and another function is run, which reads the data back out of the stream.


```
const stream = new ReadableStream({
  start(controller) {
    interval = setInterval(() => {
      let string = randomChars();

      // Add the string to the stream
      controller.enqueue(string);

      // show it on the screen
      let listItem = document.createElement('li');
      listItem.textContent = string;
      list1.appendChild(listItem);
    }, 1000);

    button.addEventListener('click', function() {
      clearInterval(interval);
      fetchStream();
      controller.close();
    })
  },
  pull(controller) {
    // We don't really need a pull in this example
  },
  cancel() {
    // This is called if the reader cancels,
    // so we should stop generating strings
    clearInterval(interval);
  }
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Streams<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ReadableStreamDefaultController&#39; in that specification.</small>]17266 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 52.0 | No support<sup>[1]</sup> | ? | 39 | ? 






[1] Readable streams are currently enabled in Firefox, but hidden behind the`dom.streams.enabled`and`javascript.options.streams`prefs.




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Fetch]4322 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [ReadableStreamDefaultController]17267 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Streams]4399 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Oct 26, 2017, 1:47:06 AM</time>


