---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/RequestDestination
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17302 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17303 "")版。</bdi>






The`**RequestDestination**`enumerated type contains the permitted values for a request&#39;s[`destination`]17304 "The destination read-only property of the Request interface returns a string describing the type of content being requested."). These string values indicate potential types of content that a request may try to retrieve.


## Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt>`""`</dt><dd>The empty string is the default value of`destination`.<em>What does it mean?</em></dd><dt>`"audio"`</dt><dd>The target is audio data.</dd><dt>`"audioworklet"`</dt><dd>The target is data being fetched for use by an audio worklet.</dd><dt>`"document"`</dt><dd>The target is a document (HTML or XML).</dd><dt>`"embed"`</dt><dd>The target is embedded content.</dd><dt>`"font"`</dt><dd>The target is a font.</dd><dt>`"image"`</dt><dd>The target is an image.</dd><dt>`"manifest"`</dt><dd>The target is a manifest.</dd><dt>`"object"`</dt><dd>The target is an object.</dd><dt>`"paintworklet"`</dt><dd>The target is a paint worklet.</dd><dt>`"report"`</dt><dd>The target is a report.</dd><dt>`"script"`</dt><dd>The target is a script.</dd><dt>`"serviceworker"`</dt><dd>The target is a service worker.</dd><dt>`"sharedworker"`</dt><dd>The target is a shared worker.</dd><dt>`"style"`</dt><dd>The target is a style</dd><dt>`"track"`</dt><dd>The target is an HTML[`<track>`]13549 "The HTML <track> element is used as a child of the media elements <audio> and <video>. It lets you specify timed text tracks (or time-based data), for example to automatically handle subtitles. The tracks are formatted in WebVTT format (.vtt files) — Web Video Text Tracks or Timed Text Markup Language (TTML).").</dd><dt>`"video"`</dt><dd>The target is video data.</dd><dt>`"worker"`</dt><dd>The target is a worker.</dd><dt>`"xslt"`</dt><dd>The target is an XLST transform.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Fetch<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;RequestDestination&#39; in that specification.</small>]17305 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Fetch API]3357 "")
* [Using Fetch]17306 "")
* [`Request.destination`]17304 "The destination read-only property of the Request interface returns a string describing the type of content being requested.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [destination]17307 "")
* [Enum]3825 "")
* [Fetch]4322 "")
* [Fetch API]17308 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [NeedsContent]14600 "")
* [RequestDestination]17309 "")
* [Type]3828 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy]405 ""),<time>Jun 14, 2018, 6:54:43 AM</time>


