---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGAngle
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17363 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17364 "")版。</bdi>






The`SVGAngle`interface is used to represent a value that can be an[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")or[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")value. An`SVGAngle`reflected through the`[animVal]17365 "")`attribute is always read only.



An`SVGAngle`object can be designated as read only, which means that attempts to modify the object will result in an exception being thrown.



An`SVGAngle`object can be associated with a particular element. The associated element is used to determine which element&#39;s content attribute to update if the object reflects an attribute. Unless otherwise described, an`SVGAngle`object is not associated with any element.



Every`SVGAngle`object operates in one of two modes. It can:


1. <em>reflect the base value</em>of a reflected animatable attribute (being exposed through the`[baseVal]17366 "")`member of an[`SVGAnimatedAngle`]17367 "The SVGAnimatedAngle interface is used for attributes of basic type <angle> which can be animated.")),
1. <em>be detached</em>, which is the case for`SVGAngle`objects created with[`SVGSVGElement.createSVGAngle()`]17368 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").

## Constants<a name="Constants"></a>
<dl><dt>SVG_ANGLETYPE_UNKNOWN</dt><dd>Some unknown type of value.</dd><dt>SVG_ANGLETYPE_UNSPECIFIED</dt><dd>A unitless[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")interpreted as a value in degrees.</dd><dt>SVG_ANGLETYPE_DEG</dt><dd>An[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")with a`deg`unit.</dd><dt>SVG_ANGLETYPE_RAD</dt><dd>An[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")with a`rad`unit.</dd><dt>SVG_ANGLETYPE_GRAD</dt><dd>An[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")with a`grad`unit.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>unitType</dt><dd>The type of the value as specified by one of the`SVG_ANGLETYPE_*`constants defined on this interface.</dd><dt>value</dt><dd>

The value as a floating point value, in user units. Setting this attribute will cause`valueInSpecifiedUnits`and`valueAsString`to be updated automatically to reflect this setting.



**Exceptions on setting:**a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when the length corresponds to a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only.

</dd><dt>valueInSpecifiedUnits</dt><dd>

The value as a floating point value, in the units expressed by`unitType`. Setting this attribute will cause`value`and`valueAsString`to be updated automatically to reflect this setting.



**Exceptions on setting:**a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when the length corresponds to a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only.

</dd><dt>valueAsString</dt><dd>

The value as a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")value, in the units expressed by`unitType`. Setting this attribute will cause`value`,`valueInSpecifiedUnits`and`unitType`to be updated automatically to reflect this setting.



**Exceptions on setting:**

a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`SYNTAX_ERR`is raised if the assigned string cannot be parsed as a valid[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions."). a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when the length corresponds to a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>newValueSpecifiedUnits</dt><dd>

Reset the value as a number with an associated unitType, thereby replacing the values for all of the attributes on the object.



**Exceptions:**

a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NOT_SUPPORTED_ERR`is raised if`unitType`is`SVG_ANGLETYPE_UNKNOWN`or not a valid unit type constant (one of the other`SVG_ANGLETYPE_*`constants defined on this interface). a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")with code`NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`is raised when the length corresponds to a read only attribute or when the object itself is read only.</dd><dt>convertToSpecifiedUnits</dt><dd>Preserve the same underlying stored value, but reset the stored unit identifier to the given`<em>unitType</em>`. Object attributes`unitType`,`valueInSpecifiedUnits`and`valueAsString`might be modified as a result of this method.</dd></dl>

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17369 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Adds the[`dataset`]17370 "The SVGElement.dataset property allows access, both in reading and writing mode, to all the custom data attributes (data-*) set on the element. It is a map of DOMStrings representing keys to DOMStrings representing the values for those keys, with one entry for each custom data attribute. Each key corresponds to the name of a custom data attribute; for example, a custom attribute named data-foo is in the map with the key "foo".")property. 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17371 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 1:50:01 AM</time>


