---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGAnimatedPoints
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17426 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17427 "")版。</bdi>





## SVG animated points interface<a name="SVG_animated_points_interface"></a>


The`SVGAnimatedPoints`interface supports elements which have a`[points]17428 "")`attribute which holds a list of coordinate values and which support the ability to animate that attribute.



Additionally, the`[points]17428 "")`attribute on the original element accessed via the XML DOM (e.g., using the`getAttribute()`method call) will reflect any changes made to the`SVGAnimatedPoints.points`attribut.


### Interface overview<a name="Interface_overview"></a>
Also implement | <em>None</em> 
Methods | <em>None</em> 
Properties | * readonly[`SVGPointList`]17429 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")`points`
* readonly[`SVGPointList`]17429 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")`animatedPoints` 
Normative document | [SVG 1.1 (2nd Edition)]17430 "http://www.w3.org/TR/SVG11/shapes.html#InterfaceSVGAnimatedPoints") 


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
Name | Type | Description 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`points` | [`SVGPointList`]17429 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!") | Provides access to the base (i.e., static) contents of the`[points]17428 "")`attribute. 
`animatedPoints` | [`SVGPointList`]17429 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!") | Provides access to the current animated contents of the`[points]17428 "")`attribute. If the given attribute or property is being animated, contains the current animated value of the attribute or property. If the given attribute or property is not currently being animated, contains the same value as`points`. 


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


The`SVGAnimatedPoints`interface do not provide any specific methods.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[abbycar]15784 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 1:56:22 AM</time>


