---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/SVGColorProfileElement
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]17497 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]17498 "")版。</bdi>






**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%3097#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





The**`SVGColorProfileElement`**interface corresponds to the[`<color-profile>`]17500 "The <color-profile> element allows describing the color profile used for the image.")element.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`SVGColorProfileElement.local`]17501 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")corresponding to the`[local]17502 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGColorProfileElement.name`]17503 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")corresponding to the`[name]17504 "")`attribute of the given element.</dd><dt>[`SVGColorProfileElement.renderingIntent`]17505 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An unsigned short corresponding to the`[rendering-intent]17506 "")`attribute of the given element. It takes one of the`RENDERING_INTENT_*`constants defined on the[`SVGRenderingIntent`]17507 "The SVGRenderingIntent interface defines the enumerated list of possible values for rendering-intent attributes or descriptors.")interface that corresponds to the value of the`[rendering-intent]17506 "")`attribute.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface does not provide any specific methods, but implements those of its parent,[`SVGElement`]17342 "All of the SVG DOM interfaces that correspond directly to elements in the SVG language derive from the SVGElement interface."), and implements methods of[`SVGURIReference`]17508 "The SVGURIReference interface is used to reflect the href attribute and the deprecated xlink:href attribute.")and[`SVGRenderingIntent`]17507 "The SVGRenderingIntent interface defines the enumerated list of possible values for rendering-intent attributes or descriptors.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 1.1 (Second Edition)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SVGColorProfileElement&#39; in that specification.</small>]17509 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<color-profile>`]17500 "The <color-profile> element allows describing the color profile used for the image.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Deprecated]3956 "")
* [NeedsExample]13047 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [SVG]457 "")
* [SVG DOM]17335 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 2:12:34 AM</time>


