---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/border-inline-end-style
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]29016 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]28844 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%27843#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`border-inline-end-style`**[CSS]427 "CSS")property defines the style of the logical inline end border of an element, which maps to a physical border style depending on the element&#39;s writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the[`border-top-style`]28816 "The border-top-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's top border."),[`border-right-style`]28817 "The border-right-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's right border."),[`border-bottom-style`]28818 "The border-bottom-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's bottom border."), or[`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border.")property depending on the values defined for[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow."), and[`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.").


```
/* <'border-style'> values */
border-inline-end-style: dashed;
border-inline-end-style: dotted;
border-inline-end-style: groove;
```


Related properties are[`border-block-start-style`]28842 "The border-block-start-style CSS property defines the style of the logical block start border of an element, which maps to a physical border style depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the border-top-style, border-right-style, border-bottom-style, or border-left-style property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."),[`border-block-end-style`]28799 "The border-block-end-style CSS property defines the style of the logical block end border of an element, which maps to a physical border style depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the border-top-style, border-right-style, border-bottom-style, or border-left-style property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."), and[`border-inline-start-style`]28843 "The border-inline-start-style CSS property defines the style of the logical inline start border of an element, which maps to a physical border style depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the border-top-style, border-right-style, border-bottom-style, or border-left-style property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."), which define the other border styles of the element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<'border-style'>`</dt><dd>The line style of the border. See[`border-style`]28815 "The border-style CSS property is a shorthand property that sets the line style for all four sides of an element's border.").</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'border-style'>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML Content<a name="HTML_Content"></a>

```
<div>
  <p class="exampleText">Example text</p>
</div>
```

### CSS Content<a name="CSS_Content"></a>

```
div {
  background-color: yellow;
  width: 120px;
  height: 120px;
}

.exampleText {
  writing-mode: vertical-lr;
  border: 5px solid blue;
  border-inline-end-style: dashed;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-inline-end-style$samples/Example?revision=1315061' width='140' height='140'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-inline-end-style&#39; in that specification.</small>]29017 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* This property maps to one of the physical border properties:[`border-top-style`]28816 "The border-top-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's top border."),[`border-right-style`]28817 "The border-right-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's right border."),[`border-bottom-style`]28818 "The border-bottom-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's bottom border."), or[`border-left-style`]28819 "The border-left-style CSS property sets the line style of an element's left border.").
* [`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow."),[`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.")



