---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/border-inline-start-color
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]29037 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]28833 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%27846#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`border-inline-start-color`**[CSS]427 "CSS")property defines the color of the logical inline start border of an element, which maps to a physical border color depending on the element&#39;s writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the[`border-top-color`]28828 "The border-top-color CSS property sets the color of an element's top border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-top are more convenient and preferable."),[`border-right-color`]28829 "The border-right-color CSS property sets the color of an element's right border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties  border-color or border-right are more convenient and preferable."),[`border-bottom-color`]28830 "The border-bottom-color CSS property sets the color of an element's bottom border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-bottom are more convenient and preferable."), or[`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable.")property depending on the values defined for[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow."), and[`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.").


```
border-inline-start-color: red;
border-inline-start-color: #ee4141;
```


Related properties are[`border-block-start-color`]28832 "The border-block-start-color CSS property defines the color of the logical block-start border of an element, which maps to a physical border color depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the border-top-color, border-right-color, border-bottom-color, or border-left-color property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."),[`border-block-end-color`]28800 "The border-block-end-color CSS property defines the color of the logical block-end border of an element, which maps to a physical border color depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the border-top-color, border-right-color, border-bottom-color, or border-left-color property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."), and[`border-inline-end-color`]28834 "The border-inline-end-color CSS property defines the color of the logical inline-end border of an element, which maps to a physical border color depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the border-top-color, border-right-color, border-bottom-color, or border-left-color property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."), which define the other border colors of the element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `currentcolor` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | computed color 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<'color'>`</dt><dd>The color of the border. See[`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.").</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'color'>where <color> = <rgb()> | <rgba()> | <hsl()> | <hsla()> | <hex-color> | <named-color> | currentcolor | <deprecated-system-color>where <rgb()> = rgb( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<rgba()> = rgba( [ [ <percentage>{3} | <number>{3} ] [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ [ <percentage>#{3} | <number>#{3} ] , <alpha-value>? ] )<hsl()> = hsl( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )<hsla()> = hsla( [ <hue> <percentage> <percentage> [ / <alpha-value> ]? ] | [ <hue>, <percentage>, <percentage>, <alpha-value>? ] )where <alpha-value> = <number> | <percentage><hue> = <number> | <angle>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML Content<a name="HTML_Content"></a>

```
<div>
  <p class="exampleText">Example text</p>
</div>
```

### CSS Content<a name="CSS_Content"></a>

```
div {
  background-color: yellow;
  width: 120px;
  height: 120px;
}

.exampleText {
  writing-mode: vertical-lr;
  border: 10px solid blue;
  border-inline-start-color: red;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-inline-start-color$samples/Example?revision=1315073' width='140' height='140'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;border-inline-start-color&#39; in that specification.</small>]29038 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Uses a non-standard name.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Uses a non-standard name.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* This property maps to one of the physical border properties:[`border-top-color`]28828 "The border-top-color CSS property sets the color of an element's top border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-top are more convenient and preferable."),[`border-right-color`]28829 "The border-right-color CSS property sets the color of an element's right border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties  border-color or border-right are more convenient and preferable."),[`border-bottom-color`]28830 "The border-bottom-color CSS property sets the color of an element's bottom border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-bottom are more convenient and preferable."), and[`border-left-color`]28831 "The border-left-color CSS property sets the color of an element's left border. Note that in many cases the shorthand CSS properties border-color or border-left are more convenient and preferable.")
* [`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow."),[`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.")



