---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/-moz-maemo-classic
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




### -moz-maemo-classic<a name="-moz-maemo-classic"></a>
Requires Gecko 1.9.2(Firefox 3.6 / Thunderbird 3.1 / Fennec 1.0)


The**`-moz-maemo-classic`**Gecko-only[CSS]28421 "")[`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on the condition of a media query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")media feature can be used to apply styles based on whether the user agent is using the original Maemo theme.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index.")</dt><dd>If the user agent is using Maemo with the original theme, this is 1. If it&#39;s using the newer Fremantle theme, this is 0.</dd></dl>

<br></br>**Media:**[`media/visual`]34216 "The @media CSS at-rule associates a set of nested statements, in a CSS block that is delimited by curly braces, with a condition defined by a media query. The @media at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.")<br></br>**Accepts min/max prefixes:**no


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* This feature corresponds to the[`:-moz-system-metric(maemo-classic)`]36973 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")CSS[pseudo-class]28374 "").



