---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/-moz-os-version
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





**Note**: Since[Firefox 58]36457 ""), this media feature is no longer available to web content — it is only available internally (e.g. to XUL / chrome code). See[bug 1396066]36458 "FIXED: Avoid exposing :-moz-system-metric stuff in content pages.")for more details.




The**`-moz-os-version`**Gecko-only[CSS]28421 "")[`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on the condition of a media query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")media feature can be used to apply styles based on the user&#39;s version of Microsoft Windows. This can be useful for adapting application skins and other chrome code depending on the user&#39;s operating system version.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`windows-win7`</dt><dd>`The user is on the Windows 7 operating system.`</dd><dt id=''>`windows-win8`</dt><dd>`The user is on the Windows 8 operating system.`</dd><dt id=''>`windows-win10`</dt><dd>`The user is on the Windows 10 operating system.`</dd></dl>

<br></br>**Media:**[`media/visual`]34216 "The @media CSS at-rule associates a set of nested statements, in a CSS block that is delimited by curly braces, with a condition defined by a media query. The @media at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.")<br></br>**Accepts min/max prefixes:**no




