---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/-moz-device-pixel-ratio
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%33112#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.




### -moz-device-pixel-ratio<a name="-moz-device-pixel-ratio"></a>
Requires Gecko 2.0(Firefox 4 / Thunderbird 3.3 / SeaMonkey 2.1)
Deprecated since Gecko 16

The**`-moz-device-pixel-ratio`**Gecko-only[CSS]28421 "")[`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on the condition of a media query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")media feature can be used to apply styles based on the number of device pixels per CSS pixel.



**Do not use this feature.**Use the`[resolution]29769 "")`feature with the`dppx`unit instead.<br></br><br></br>`-moz-device-pixel-ratio`may be used for compatibility with Firefox older than 16 and`-webkit-device-pixel-ratio`with WebKit-based browsers that do not support`dppx`. Example:


```
@media (-webkit-min-device-pixel-ratio: 2), /* Webkit-based browsers */
       (min--moz-device-pixel-ratio: 2),    /* Older Firefox browsers (prior to Firefox 16) */
       (min-resolution: 2dppx),             /* The standard way */
       (min-resolution: 192dpi)             /* dppx fallback */
```


See this[CSSWG article]36976 "")for compatibility good practices regarding`resolution`and`dppx`.


**Note**: This media feature is also implemented by Webkit and by[IE 11 for Windows Phone 8.1]36977 "")as`-webkit-device-pixel-ratio`. The min and max prefixes as implemented by Gecko are named`min--moz-device-pixel-ratio`and`max--moz-device-pixel-ratio`; but the same prefixes as implemented by Webkit are named`-webkit-min-device-pixel-ratio`and`-webkit-max-device-pixel-ratio`.

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")</dt><dd>The number of device pixels per CSS pixel.</dd></dl>

<br></br>**Media:**[`media/visual`]34216 "The @media CSS at-rule associates a set of nested statements, in a CSS block that is delimited by curly braces, with a condition defined by a media query. The @media at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule.")<br></br>**Accepts min/max prefixes:**yes


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>



