---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Tutorials
---





**JavaScript**(**JS**) is a lightweight interpreted or JIT-compiled programming language with[first-class functions]40756 "first-class functions: A programming language is said to have First-class functions when functions in that language are treated like any other variable. For example, in such a language, a function can be passed as an argument to other functions, can be returned by another function and can be assigned as a value to a variable."). While it is most well-known as the scripting language for Web pages,[many non-browser environments]40757 "")also use it, such as[Node.js]41056 ""),[Apache CouchDB]40759 "")and[Adobe Acrobat]40760 "").JavaScript is a[prototype-based]40761 "prototype-based: Prototype-based programming is a style of object-oriented programming in which classes are not explicitly defined, but rather derived by adding properties and methods to an instance of another class or, less frequently, adding them to an empty object.
 
 In simple words: this type of style allows the creation of an object without first defining its class."), multi-paradigm, dynamic language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and declarative (e.g. functional programming) styles. Read more[about JavaScript]41057 "").



This section is dedicated to the JavaScript language itself, and not the parts that are specific to Web pages or other host environments. For information about[APIs]445 "APIs: An API (Application Programming Interface) is a set of features and rules that exist inside a software program (the application) enabling interaction with it through software - as opposed to a human user interface. The API can be seen as a simple contract (the interface) between the application offering it and other items, such as third party software or hardware.")specific to Web pages, please see[Web APIs]14049 "")and[DOM]142 "").



The standard for JavaScript is[ECMAScript]41058 ""). As of 2012, all[modern browsers]40765 "")fully support ECMAScript 5.1. Older browsers support at least ECMAScript 3. On June 17, 2015,[ECMA International]40766 "")published the sixth major version of ECMAScript, which is officially called ECMAScript 2015, and was initially referred to as ECMAScript 6 or ES6. Since then, ECMAScript standards are on yearly release cycles. This documentation refers to the latest draft version, which is currently[ECMAScript 2019]40767 "").



Do not confuse JavaScript with the[Java programming language]40768 ""). Both &quot;Java&quot; and &quot;JavaScript&quot; are trademarks or registered trademarks of Oracle in the U.S. and other countries. However, the two programming languages have very different syntax, semantics, and uses.


## Tutorials<a name="Tutorials"></a>


Learn how to program in JavaScript with guides and tutorials.


### For complete beginners<a name="For_complete_beginners"></a>


Head over to our[Learning Area JavaScript topic]41059 "")if you want to learn JavaScript but have no previous experience of JavaScript or programming. The complete modules available there are as follows:

<dl><dt id=''>[JavaScript first steps]40797 "")</dt><dd>Answers some fundamental questions such as &quot;what is JavaScript?&quot;, &quot;what does it look like?&quot;, and &quot;what can it do?&quot;, along with discussing key JavaScript features such as variables, strings, numbers, and arrays.</dd><dt id=''>[JavaScript building blocks]40798 "")</dt><dd>Continues our coverage of JavaScript&#39;s key fundamental features, turning our attention to commonly-encountered types of code block such as conditional statements, loops, functions, and events.</dd><dt id=''>[Introducing JavaScript objects]40799 "")</dt><dd>The object-oriented nature of JavaScript is important to understand if you want to go further with your knowledge of the language and write more efficient code, therefore we&#39;ve provided this module to help you.</dd></dl>
### JavaScript guide<a name="JavaScript_guide"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[JavaScript Guide]40800 "")</dt><dd>A much more detailed guide to the JavaScript language, aimed at those with previous programming experience either in JavaScript or another language.</dd></dl>
### Intermediate<a name="Intermediate"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Client-side web APIs]40815 "")</dt><dd>When writing client-side JavaScript for web sites or applications, you won&#39;t go very far before you start to use APIs — interfaces for manipulating different aspects of the browser and operating system the site is running on, or even data from other web sites or services. In this module we will explore what APIs are, and how to use some of the most common APIs you&#39;ll come across often in your development work.</dd></dl><dl><dt id=''>[A re-introduction to JavaScript]40816 "")</dt><dd>An overview for those who*think*they know about JavaScript.</dd></dl><dl><dt id=''>[JavaScript data structures]40817 "")</dt><dd>Overview of available data structures in JavaScript.</dd><dt id=''>[Equality comparisons and sameness]40818 "")</dt><dd>JavaScript provides three different value-comparison operations: strict equality using`===`, loose equality using`==`, and the[`Object.is()`]41060 "The Object.is() method determines whether two values are the same value.")method.</dd><dt id=''>[Closures]40819 "")</dt><dd>

A closure is the combination of a function and the lexical environment within which that function was declared.

</dd></dl>
### Advanced<a name="Advanced"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Inheritance and the prototype chain]40820 "")</dt><dd>Explanation of the widely misunderstood and under-estimated prototype-based inheritance.</dd><dt id=''>[Strict mode]40821 "")</dt><dd>Strict mode defines that you can not use any variable before initializing it. It is a restricted variant of ECMAScript 5, for faster performance and easier debugging.</dd><dt id=''>[JavaScript typed arrays]3683 "")</dt><dd>JavaScript typed arrays provide a mechanism for accessing raw binary data.</dd><dt id=''>[Memory Management]40823 "")</dt><dd>Memory life cycle and garbage collection in JavaScript.</dd><dt id=''>[Concurrency model and Event Loop]40824 "")</dt><dd>JavaScript has a concurrency model based on an &quot;event loop&quot;.</dd></dl>

## Reference<a name="Reference"></a>


Browse the complete[JavaScript reference]6909 "")documentation.

<dl><dt id=''>[Standard objects]10534 "")</dt><dd>Get to know standard built-in objects[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects."),[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value."),[`Date`]10838 "Creates a JavaScript Date instance that represents a single moment in time. Date objects are based on a time value that is the number of milliseconds since 1 January 1970 UTC."),[`Error`]27232 "The Error constructor creates an error object. Instances of Error objects are thrown when runtime errors occur. The Error object can also be used as a base object for user-defined exceptions. See below for standard built-in error types."),[`Function`]40828 "The Function constructor creates a new Function object. Calling the constructor directly can create functions dynamically, but suffers from security and similar (but far less significant) performance issues similar to eval. However, unlike eval, the Function constructor allows executing code in the global scope, prompting better programming habits and allowing for more efficient code minification."),[`JSON`]14264 "The JSON object contains methods for parsing JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) and converting values to JSON. It can't be called or constructed, and aside from its two method properties, it has no interesting functionality of its own."),[`Math`]40840 "Math is a built-in object that has properties and methods for mathematical constants and functions. Not a function object."),[`Number`]14073 "The Number JavaScript object is a wrapper object allowing you to work with numerical values. A Number object is created using the Number() constructor."),[`Object`]6346 "The Object constructor creates an object wrapper."),[`RegExp`]40845 "The RegExp constructor creates a regular expression object for matching text with a pattern."),[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters."),[`Map`]14598 "The Map object holds key-value pairs."),[`Set`]40859 "The Set object lets you store unique values of any type, whether primitive values or object references."),[`WeakMap`]40867 "The WeakMap object is a collection of key/value pairs in which the keys are weakly referenced.  The keys must be objects and the values can be arbitrary values."),[`WeakSet`]40868 "The WeakSet object lets you store weakly held objects in a collection."), and others.</dd><dt id=''>[Expressions and operators]40881 "")</dt><dd>Learn more about the behavior of JavaScript&#39;s operators[`instanceof`]40907 "The instanceof operator tests whether the prototype property of a constructor appears anywhere in the prototype chain of an object."),[`typeof`]40910 "The typeof operator returns a string indicating the type of the unevaluated operand."),[`new`]22497 "The new operator creates an instance of a user-defined object type or of one of the built-in object types that has a constructor function."),[`this`]24408 "A function's this keyword behaves a little differently in JavaScript compared to other languages. It also has some differences between strict mode and non-strict mode."), the[operator precedence]40896 ""), and more.</dd><dt id=''>[Statements and declarations]40914 "")</dt><dd>Learn how[`do-while`]40924 "The do...while statement creates a loop that executes a specified statement until the test condition evaluates to false. The condition is evaluated after executing the statement, resulting in the specified statement executing at least once."),[`for-in`]40929 "The for...in statement iterates over all non-Symbol, enumerable properties of an object."),[`for-of`]40930 "The for...of statement creates a loop iterating over iterable objects (including the built-in String, Array, e.g. the Array-like arguments or NodeList objects, TypedArray, Map and Set, and user-defined iterables), invoking a custom iteration hook with statements to be executed for the value of each distinct property of the object."),[`try-catch`]25469 "The try...catch statement marks a block of statements to try, and specifies a response, should an exception be thrown."),[`let`]40936 "The let statement declares a block scope local variable, optionally initializing it to a value."),[`var`]40940 "The var statement declares a variable, optionally initializing it to a value."),[`const`]40920 "The source for this interactive example is stored in a GitHub repository. If you'd like to contribute to the interactive examples project, please clone https://github.com/mdn/interactive-examples and send us a pull request."),[`if-else`]22329 "The if statement executes a statement if a specified condition is truthy. If the condition is falsy, another statement can be executed."),[`switch`]40938 "The switch statement evaluates an expression, matching the expression's value to a case clause, and executes statements associated with that case, as well as statements in cases that follow the matching case."), and more JavaScript statements and keywords work.</dd><dt id=''>[Functions]40943 "")</dt><dd>Learn how to work with JavaScript&#39;s functions to develop your applications.</dd></dl>
## Tools &amp; resources<a name="Tools_resources"></a>


Helpful tools for writing and debugging your**JavaScript**code.

<dl><dt id=''>[Firefox Developer Tools]5010 "")</dt><dd>[Scratchpad]41061 ""),[Web Console]4977 ""),[JavaScript Profiler]41062 ""),[Debugger]41063 ""), and more.</dd><dt id=''>[JavaScript Shells]41064 "")</dt><dd>A JavaScript shell allows you to quickly test snippets of JavaScript code.</dd><dt id=''>[TogetherJS]40781 "")</dt><dd>Collaboration made easy. By adding TogetherJS to your site, your users can help each other out on a website in real time!</dd><dt id=''>[Stack Overflow]40782 "")</dt><dd>Stack Overflow questions tagged with &quot;JavaScript&quot;.</dd><dt id=''>[JavaScript versions and release notes]41037 "")</dt><dd>Browse JavaScript&#39;s feature history and implementation status.</dd><dt id=''>[JSFiddle]40784 "")</dt><dd>Edit JavaScript, CSS, HTML and get live results. Use external resources and collaborate with your team online.</dd><dt id=''>[Plunker]40785 "")</dt><dd>Plunker is an online community for creating, collaborating on and sharing your web development ideas. Edit your JavaScript, CSS, HTML files and get live results and file structure.</dd></dl>


## Join the JavaScript community<a name="Join_the_JavaScript_community"></a>
Choose your preferred method for joining the discussion:

* [Mailing list]41065 "")
* [Newsgroup]40787 "")
* [RSS feed]40788 "")


* **IRC:**[#js]40789 "")([learn more]40790 ""))
* **ES discuss:**[esdiscuss.org]40791 "ECMAScript standard discussion mailing list")
* **SpiderMonkey:**[Project page]40792 "Contribute to the JavaScript Engine")
* **Twitter:**[@SpiderMonkeyJS]40793 "SpiderMonkey updates on Twitter")






