---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/visible
---





The**`visibility`**CSS property can show or hide an element without affecting the layout of a document (i.e., space is created for elements regardless of whether they are visible or not). The property can also hide rows or columns in a[`<table>`]31806 "The HTML <table> element represents tabular data — that is, information presented in a two-dimensional table comprised of rows and columns of cells containing data.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/visibility.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


To both hide an element*and remove it from the document layout*, set the[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")property to`none`instead of using`visibility`.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
visibility: visible;
visibility: hidden;
visibility: collapse;

/* Global values */
visibility: inherit;
visibility: initial;
visibility: unset;
```


The`visibility`property is specified as one of the keyword values listed below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`visible`</dt><dd>The element box is visible.</dd><dt id=''>`hidden`</dt><dd>The element box is invisible (not drawn), but still affects layout as normal. Descendants of the element will be visible if they have`visibility`set to`visible`. The element cannot receive focus (such as when navigating through[tab indexes]36041 "")).</dd><dt id=''>`collapse`</dt><dd>
* For[`<table>`]31806 "The HTML <table> element represents tabular data — that is, information presented in a two-dimensional table comprised of rows and columns of cells containing data.")rows, columns, column groups, and row groups, the row(s) or column(s) are hidden and the space they would have occupied is removed (as if`[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements."): none`were applied to the column/row of the table). However, the size of other rows and columns is still calculated as though the cells in the collapsed row(s) or column(s) are present. This value allows for the fast removal of a row or column from a table without forcing the recalculation of widths and heights for the entire table.
* Collapsed flex items are hidden, and the space they would have occupied is removed.
* For[XUL]25950 "")elements, the computed size of the element is always zero, regardless of other styles that would normally affect the size, although margins still take effect.
* For other elements,`collapse`is treated the same as`hidden`.
</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
visible | hidden | collapse
```

## Interpolation<a name="Interpolation"></a>


Visibility values are interpolable between*visible*and*not-visible*. One of the start or ending values must therefore be`visible`or no interpolation can happen. The value is interpolated as a discrete step, where values of the timing function between`0`and`1`map to`visible`and other values of the timing function (which occur only at the start/end of the transition or as a result of`cubic-bezier()`functions with y values outside of [0, 1]) map to the closer endpoint.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Basic example<a name="Basic_example"></a>

#### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p class="visible">The first paragraph is visible.</p>
<p class="not-visible">The second paragraph is NOT visible.</p>
<p class="visible">The third paragraph is visible. Notice the second paragraph is still occupying space.</p>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.visible {
  visibility: visible;
}

.not-visible {
  visibility: hidden;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/visibility$samples/Basic_example?revision=1395753' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



### Table example<a name="Table_example"></a>

#### HTML<a name="HTML_2"></a>

```
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>1.1</td>
    <td class="collapse">1.2</td>
    <td>1.3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr class="collapse">
    <td>2.1</td>
    <td>2.2</td>
    <td>2.3</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>3.1</td>
    <td>3.2</td>
    <td>3.3</td>
  </tr>
</table>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS_2"></a>

```
.collapse {
  visibility: collapse;
}

table {
  border: 1px solid red;
}

td {
  border: 1px solid gray;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/visibility$samples/Table_example?revision=1395753' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


Using a`visibility`value of`hidden`on an element will remove it from the[accessibility tree]34382 ""). This will cause the element and all its descendant elements to no longer be announced by screen reading technology.


## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>

* Support for`visibility: collapse`is missing or partially incorrect in some modern browsers. It may not be correctly treated like`visibility: hidden`on elements other than table rows and columns.
* `visibility: collapse`may change the layout of a table if the table has nested tables within the cells that are collapsed, unless`visibility: visible`is specified explicitly on nested tables.

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Flexible Box Layout Module<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;visibility&#39; in that specification.</small>]36042 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Defines the`collapse`value as it applies to flex items. 
[CSS Basic Box Model<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;visibility&#39; in that specification.</small>]36043 "") | Working Draft | No changes. 
[CSS Transitions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;visibility&#39; in that specification.</small>]29205 "") | Working Draft | Defines`visibility`as animatable. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;visibility&#39; in that specification.</small>]36044 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `visible` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | a[visibility](%35131#Interpolation "Values of the visibility CSS property are interpolable if the start or the end value is visible. In that case all values of the timing function which are equal to 1 map to visible and non-equal to 1 to non-visible.") 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`collapse` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>62<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>







