---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Atomics/wait
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45264 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]45251 "")版。</bdi>






The static`**Atomics**`**`.wait()`**method verifies that a given position in an[`Int32Array`]40832 "The Int32Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 32-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).")still contains a given value and if so sleeps, awaiting a wakeup or a timeout. It returns a string which is either`"ok"`,`"not-equal"`, or`"timed-out"`.



**Note:**This operation only works with a shared[`Int32Array`]40832 "The Int32Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 32-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).")and may not be allowed on the main thread.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
Atomics.wait(typedArray, index, value[, timeout])

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`typedArray`</dt><dd>A shared[`Int32Array`]40832 "The Int32Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 32-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).").</dd><dt id=''>`index`</dt><dd>The position in the`typedArray`to wait on.</dd><dt id=''>`value`</dt><dd>The expected value to test .</dd><dt id=''>`timeout`Optional</dt><dd>Time to wait in milliseconds.[`Infinity`]3526 "The global Infinity property is a numeric value representing infinity."), if no time is provided.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters.")which is either &quot;`ok`&quot;, &quot;`not-equal`&quot;, or &quot;`timed-out`&quot;.


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>

* Throws a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type."), if`typedArray`is not a shared[`Int32Array`]40832 "The Int32Array typed array represents an array of twos-complement 32-bit signed integers in the platform byte order. If control over byte order is needed, use DataView instead. The contents are initialized to 0. Once established, you can reference elements in the array using the object's methods, or using standard array index syntax (that is, using bracket notation).").
* Throws a[`RangeError`]40842 "The RangeError object indicates an error when a value is not in the set or range of allowed values."), if`index`is out of bounds in the`typedArray`.

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


Given a shared`Int32Array`:


```
var sab = new SharedArrayBuffer(1024);
var int32 = new Int32Array(sab);
```


A reading thread is sleeping and waiting on location 0 which is expected to be 0. As long as that is true, it will not go on. However, once the writing thread has stored a new value, it will be woken up by the writing thread and return the new value (123).


```
Atomics.wait(int32, 0, 0);
console.log(int32[0]); // 123
```


A writing thread stores a new value and wakes up the waiting thread once it has written:


```
console.log(int32[0]); // 0;
Atomics.store(int32, 0, 123); 
Atomics.wake(int32, 0, 1);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript Latest Draft (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Atomics.wait&#39; in that specification.</small>]45265 "") | Draft | Initial definition in ES2017. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>10.1 — ? | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Atomics`]40826 "The Atomics object provides atomic operations as static methods. They are used with SharedArrayBuffer objects.")
* [`Atomics.wake()`]45252 "The static Atomics.wake() method wakes up some agents that are sleeping in the wait queue.")



