---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FileSystemDirectoryEntry/removeRecursively
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26929 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26930 "")版。</bdi>






**Obsolete**<br></br>This feature is obsolete. Although it may still work in some browsers, its use is discouraged since it could be removed at any time. Try to avoid using it.




**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%11145#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")interface&#39;s method`**removeRecursively**`**`()`**removes the directory as well as all of its content, hierarchically iterating over its entire subtree of descendant files and directories.



To remove a single file, or an empty directory, you can also use[`FileSystemEntry.remove()`]11185 "The FileSystemEntry interface's method remove() deletes the file or directory from the file system. Directories must be empty before they can be removed.").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
FileSystemDirectoryEntry.removeRecursively(successCallback[, errorCallback]);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`successCallback`</dt><dd>A function to call once the directory removal process has completed. The callback has no parameters.</dd><dt id=''>`errorCallback`Optional</dt><dd>A function to be called if an error occurs while attempting to remove the directory subtree. Receives a[`FileError`]11192 "Represents an error that occurs while using the FileReader interface.")describing the error which occurred as input.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


[`undefined`]14139 "The global undefined property represents the primitive value undefined. It is one of JavaScript's primitive types.").


### Errors<a name="Errors"></a>


If an error occurs and an`errorCallback`was specified, it gets called with a single parameter: a[`FileError`]11192 "Represents an error that occurs while using the FileReader interface.")object describing the error. The[`FileError.code`]26932 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")specifies what type of error occurred, as follows:

<dl><dt id=''>`FileError.INVALID_MODIFICATION_ERR`</dt><dd>An attempt was made to remove the root directory; this is not permitted.</dd><dt id=''>`FileError.NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR`</dt><dd>The file system&#39;s state doesn&#39;t permit modification.</dd><dt id=''>`FileError.NOT_FOUND_ERR`</dt><dd>The directory represented by the[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")no longer exists.</dd><dt id=''>`FileError.NOT_READABLE_ERR`</dt><dd>The directory is not accessible; perhaps it&#39;s in use by another application or is locked at the operating system level.</dd><dt id=''>`FileError.SECURITY_ERR`</dt><dd>The directory could not be removed for security reasons. Possible reasons include:
* The directory and/or its contents may not be safe to access from a Web application.
* Too many file system calls are being made.
* Other security concerns as raised by the user agent or the operating system.
</dd></dl>

If you try to delete a directory which contains one or more files that can&#39;t be removed, or if an error occurs while deletion of a number of files is underway, some files may not be deleted. You should provide an`errorCallback`to watch for and handle this, perhaps by trying again.



## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
directory.removeRecursively(function() {
  /* The directory was removed successfully */
}, function() {
  /* an error occurred while removing the directory */
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[File and Directory Entries API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;getDirectory()&#39; in that specification.</small>]26916 "") | Draft | Now removed from spec! 



This API has no official W3C or WHATWG specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>13 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>50 — 52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>50 — 52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [File and Directory Entries API]6832 "")
* [Introduction to the File System API]11153 "")
* [`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")
* [`FileSystemEntry.remove()`]11185 "The FileSystemEntry interface's method remove() deletes the file or directory from the file system. Directories must be empty before they can be removed.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [File and Directory Entries API]11166 "")
* [File System API]7246 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [FileSystemDirectoryEntry]26917 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Obsolete]5507 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [removeRecursively]26933 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jul 11, 2018, 8:29:01 AM</time>


