---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FileSystemDirectoryEntry/createReader
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26919 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26920 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%11143#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The[`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")interface&#39;s method`**createReader**`**`()`**returns a[`FileSystemDirectoryReader`]11158 "The FileSystemDirectoryReader interface of the File and Directory Entries API lets you access the FileEntry-based objects (generally FileSystemFileEntry or FileSystemDirectoryEntry) representing each entry in a directory.")object which can be used to read the entries in the directory.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
directoryReader = FileSystemDirectoryEntry.createReader();
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>


None.


### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A[`FileSystemDirectoryReader`]11158 "The FileSystemDirectoryReader interface of the File and Directory Entries API lets you access the FileEntry-based objects (generally FileSystemFileEntry or FileSystemDirectoryEntry) representing each entry in a directory.")object which can be used to read the directory&#39;s entries.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This example creates a method called`readDirectory()`, which fetches all of the entries in the specified[`FileSystemDIrectoryEntry`]26922 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")and returns them in an array.


```
function readDirectory(directory) {
  let dirReader = directory.createReader();
  let entries = [];

  let getEntries = function() {
    dirReader.readEntries(function(results) {
      if (results.length) {
        entries = entries.concat(toArray(results));
        getEntries();
      }
    }, function(error) {
      /* handle error -- error is a FileError object */
    });
  };

  getEntries();
  return entries;
}
```


This works by creating an internal function,`getEntries()`, which calls itself recursively to get all the entries in the directory, concatenating each batch to the array. Each iteration,[`readEntries()`]11163 "The FileSystemDirectoryReader interface's readEntries() method retrieves the directory entries within the directory being read and delivers them in an array to a provided callback function.")is called to get more entries. When it returns an empty array, the end of the directory has beenr reached, and the recursion ends. Once control is returned to`readDirectory()`, the array is returned to the caller.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[File and Directory Entries API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;createDirectory()&#39; in that specification.</small>]26923 "") | Draft | Initial specification. 



This API has no official W3C or WHATWG specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>13 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [File and Directory Entries API]6832 "")
* [Introduction to the File System API]11153 "")
* [`FileSystemDirectoryReader`]11158 "The FileSystemDirectoryReader interface of the File and Directory Entries API lets you access the FileEntry-based objects (generally FileSystemFileEntry or FileSystemDirectoryEntry) representing each entry in a directory.")
* [`FileSystemDirectoryEntry`]11161 "The FileSystemDirectoryEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a directory in a file system. It provides methods which make it possible to access and manipulate the files in a directory, as well as to access the entries within the directory.")
* [`FileSystemFileEntry`]11160 "The FileSystemFileEntry interface of the File System API represents a file in a file system. It offers properties describing the file's attributes, as well as the file() method, which creates a File object that can be used to read the file.")
* [`FileSystemEntry`]11164 "The FileSystemEntry interface of the File and Directory Entries API represents a single in a file system. The entry can be a file or a directory (directories are represented by the DirectoryEntry interface). It includes methods for working with files—including copying, moving, removing, and reading files—as well as information about a file it points to—including the file name and its path from the root to the entry.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [createReader]26924 "")
* [File and Directory Entries API]11166 "")
* [File System API]7246 "")
* [Files]4147 "")
* [FileSystemDirectoryEntry]26917 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jul 11, 2018, 8:26:49 AM</time>


