---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout
---





**CSS Flexible Box Layout**is a module of[CSS]427 "")that defines a CSS box model optimized for user interface design, and the layout of items in one dimension. In the flex layout model, the children of a flex container can be laid out in any direction, and can “flex” their sizes, either growing to fill unused space or shrinking to avoid overflowing the parent. Both horizontal and vertical alignment of the children can be easily manipulated.


## Basic Example<a name="Basic_Example"></a>


In the following example a container has been set to`display: flex`, which means that the three child items become flex items. The value of`justify-content`has been set to`space-between`in order to space the items out evenly on the main axis. An equal amount of space is placed between each item with the left and right items being flush with the edges of the flex container. You can also see that the items are stretching on the cross axis, due to the default value of`align-items`being`stretch`. The items stretch to the height of the flex container, making them each appear as tall as the tallest item.



<iframe src='https://mdn.github.io/css-examples/flexbox/basics/simple-example.html' width='100%' height='500'></iframe>


## Reference<a name="Reference"></a>

### CSS Properties<a name="CSS_Properties"></a>

* [`align-content`]30348 "The CSS align-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the cross-axis of their container, which is serving as a flexbox container.")
* [`align-items`]34906 "The CSS align-items property defines how the browser distributes space between and around flex items along the cross-axis of their container. This means it works like justify-content but in the perpendicular direction.")
* [`align-self`]35072 "The align-self CSS property aligns flex items of the current flex line overriding the align-items value. If any of the item's cross-axis margin is set to auto, then align-self is ignored.")
* [`flex`]33917 "The flex CSS property specifies how a flex item will grow or shrink so as to fit the space available in its flex container. This is a shorthand property that sets flex-grow, flex-shrink, and flex-basis.")
* [`flex-basis`]34900 "The flex-basis CSS property specifies the initial main size of a flex item. This property determines the size of the content-box unless specified otherwise using box-sizing.")
* [`flex-direction`]34899 "The flex-direction CSS property specifies how flex items are placed in the flex container defining the main axis and the direction (normal or reversed).")
* [`flex-flow`]33918 "The flex-flow CSS property is a shorthand property for flex-direction and flex-wrap individual properties.")
* [`flex-grow`]34903 "The flex-grow CSS property specifies the flex grow factor of a flex item. It specifies what amount of space inside the flex container the item should take up. The flex grow factor of a flex item is relative to the size of the other children in the flex-container.")
* [`flex-shrink`]34904 "The flex-shrink CSS property specifies the flex shrink factor of a flex item. Flex items will shrink to fill the container according to the flex-shrink number, when the default size of flex items is larger than the flex container.")
* [`flex-wrap`]34901 "The CSS flex-wrap property specifies whether flex items are forced into a single line or can be wrapped onto multiple lines. If wrapping is allowed, this property also enables you to control the direction in which lines are stacked.")
* [`justify-content`]30349 "The CSS justify-content property defines how the browser distributes space between and around content items along the main axis of their container.")
* [`order`]35980 "The order CSS property specifies the order used to lay out a flex or grid item in its flex or grid container. Items within the same container are laid out in ascending order according to their order values. Elements with the same order value are laid out in the order in which they appear in the source code.")


### Glossary entries<a name="Glossary_entries"></a>

* [Flexbox]37687 "")
* [Flex Container]37688 "")
* [Flex Item]37689 "")
* [Main Axis]35095 "")
* [Cross Axis]35094 "")
* [Flex]37690 "")


## Guides<a name="Guides"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Basic Concepts of Flexbox]31621 "")</dt><dd>An overview of the features of flexbox</dd><dt id=''>[Relationship of flexbox to other layout methods]34907 "")</dt><dd>How flexbox relates to other layout methods, and other CSS specifications</dd><dt id=''>[Aligning items in a flex container]31622 "")</dt><dd>How the Box Alignment properties work with flexbox.</dd><dt id=''>[Ordering flex items]37691 "")</dt><dd>Explaining the different ways to change the order and direction of items, and covering the potential issues in doing so.</dd><dt id=''>[Controlling Ratios of flex items along the main axis]34905 "")</dt><dd>This article explains the flex-grow, flex-shrink and flex-basis properties.</dd><dt id=''>[Mastering wrapping of flex items]34902 "")</dt><dd>How to create flex containers with multiple lines and control the display of the items in those lines.</dd><dt id=''>[Typical use cases of flexbox]37692 "")</dt><dd>Common design patterns that are typical flexbox use cases.</dd><dt id=''>[Backwards compatibility of Flexbox]37693 "")</dt><dd>Browser status of flexbox, interoperability issues and supporting older browsers and versions of the spec</dd></dl>

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Flexible Box Layout Module]33631 "The 'CSS Flexible Box Layout Module' specification") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Firefox (Gecko) | Chrome | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | [20.0]12722 "Released on 2013-04-02.")(20.0) | 21.0[-webkit]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-webkit' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>29.0 | 10.0[-ms]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-ms' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>11.0 | 12.10 | 6.1[-webkit]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-webkit' as this browser considers it experimental") 








## See also<a name="See_also"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Flexbugs]33654 "")</dt><dd>a community-curated list of flexbox browser bugs and workarounds</dd><dt id=''>[Cross-browser Flexbox mixins]37694 "")</dt><dd>This article provides a set of mixins for those who want to create cross-browser flexbox experiences that even work in older browser that don&#39;t support the modern flexbox syntax</dd></dl>






