---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FetchEvent/client
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26819 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26820 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%10810#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%10810#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.




The`**FetchEvent.client**`read-only property returns the[`Client`]4887 "The Client interface represents an executable context such as a Worker, or a SharedWorker. Window clients are represented by the more-specific WindowClient. You can get Client/WindowClient objects from methods such as Clients.matchAll() and Clients.get().")that the current service worker is controlling.



**Note**: This feature has been deprecated, with its functionality replaced by[`FetchEvent.clientId`]26815 "The clientId read-only property of the FetchEvent returns the id of the Client that the current service worker is controlling.")and[`Clients.get()`]4889 "The get() method of the Clients interface gets a service worker client matching a given id and returns it in a Promise."). See[this Github issue]26822 "")for discussion/background.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var myClient = FetchEvent.client;
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A[`Client`]4887 "The Client interface represents an executable context such as a Worker, or a SharedWorker. Window clients are represented by the more-specific WindowClient. You can get Client/WindowClient objects from methods such as Clients.matchAll() and Clients.get().")object.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
self.addEventListener('fetch', function(event) {
  console.log(event.client);
​});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;FetchEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]10816 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr><abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using Service Workers]4703 "")
* [Service workers basic code example]4704 "")
* [Is ServiceWorker ready?]4705 "")
* [`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")
* [Using web workers]4706 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Client]4880 "")
* [Deprecated]3956 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [FetchEvent]26804 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [Service Workers]4709 "")
* [Workers]4862 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 4:26:18 AM</time>


