---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/extractLane
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46103 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42528 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.extractLane()`**method returns the value of a given lane.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.extractLane(t, index)
SIMD.Float64x2.extractLane(t, index)

SIMD.Int8x16.extractLane(t, index)
SIMD.Int16x8.extractLane(t, index)
SIMD.Int32x4.extractLane(t, index)

SIMD.Uint8x16.extractLane(t, index) 
SIMD.Uint16x8.extractLane(t, index) 
SIMD.Uint32x4.extractLane(t, index)

SIMD.Bool8x16.extractLane(t, index)
SIMD.Bool16x8.extractLane(t, index)
SIMD.Bool32x4.extractLane(t, index)
SIMD.Bool64x2.extractLane(t, index)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>t</dt><dd>An instance of a corresponding SIMD type.</dd><dt id=''>index</dt><dd>An index number for which lane to extract. Lanes are numbered starting at 0.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


The value of the extracted lane.


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>

* A[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type."), if`t`is not the corresponding SIMD type.
* A[`RangeError`]40842 "The RangeError object indicates an error when a value is not in the set or range of allowed values."), if the lane`index`is out of bounds.

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var t = SIMD.Float32x4(1, 2, 3, 4);
SIMD.Float32x4.extractLane(t, 2); 
// 3
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.extractLane&#39; in that specification.</small>]46104 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



