---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DOMRequest
---





A`DOMRequest`object represents an ongoing operation. It provides callbacks that are called when the operation completes, as well as a reference to the operation&#39;s result. A DOM method that initiates an ongoing operation may return a`DOMRequest`object that you can use to monitor the progress of that operation.

**Note:**This feature is available in[Web Workers]4334 "").

## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`DOMRequest.onsuccess`]11091 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A callback handler called when the operation represented by the`DOMRequest`is completed.</dd><dt id=''>[`DOMRequest.onerror`]11092 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A callback handler that gets called when an error occurs while processing the operation.</dd><dt id=''>[`DOMRequest.readyState`]11093 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A[`string`]6780 "JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String")indicating whether or not the operation is finished running. Its value is either &quot;done&quot; or &quot;pending&quot;.</dd><dt id=''>[`DOMRequest.result`]11094 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>The operation&#39;s result.</dd><dt id=''>[`DOMRequest.error`]11096 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Error information, if any.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


None.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


An example of using the`onsuccess`,`onerror`,`result`, and`error`properties of a`DOMRequest`object.


```
var pending = navigator.mozApps.install(manifestUrl);

pending.onsuccess = function () {
  // Save the App object that is returned
  var appRecord = this.result;
  alert('Installation successful!');
};
pending.onerror = function () {
  // Display the name of the error
  alert('Install failed, error: ' + this.error.name);
};
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not currently part of any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
Supported in Firefox 13.<br></br>Available in workers in Firefox 41.

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`DOMCursor`]26902 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")



## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [API]22815 "")
* [DOM]22837 "")
* [Interface]23414 "")
* [Non-standard]23415 "")
* [Reference]22199 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz]22202 ""),[chrisdavidmills]22892 ""),[teoli]22366 ""),[jsx]25879 ""),[kscarfone]22505 ""),[Jeremie]22851 ""),[ethertank]22374 ""),[Sheppy]22371 ""),[markg]22849 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz]22202 ""),<time>Jan 28, 2018, 5:56:57 AM</time>


