---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/font-stretch
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]30168 "")。





## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


**`font-stretch`**属性为字体定义一个正常或经过伸缩变形的字体外观，这个属性并不会通过伸展/缩小而改变字体的几何外形，如[`font-feature-settings`]27945 "font-feature-settings CSS属性可让您控制OpenType字体中的高级印刷功能。")和[`font-variant`]27958 "The font-variant CSS property is a shorthand for the longhand properties font-variant-caps, font-variant-numeric, font-variant-alternates, font-variant-ligatures, and font-variant-east-asian. You can also set the CSS Level 2 (Revision 1) values of font-variant, (that is, normal or small-caps), by using the font shorthand.")属性，它仅仅意味着当有多种字体可供选择时，会为字体选择最适合的大小。



![The two 'e' belong to the same fonts. One is condensed, the other normal and can be selected by 'font-stretch'.]30169 "")



**Note:******If the font provides several faces, the one fitting the best with the value of the`font-stretch`property is chosen. E.g. On OS X, in addition to the more common Bold, Regular, Italic, and BoldItalic faces, the &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot; font proposes a second set of faces with condensed, that is shrunk, characters: Condensed. Browsers supporting`font-stretch`will use the condensed faces for the value`ultra-condensed`to`semi-condensed`and the normal faces for the other (`normal`and all expanded values).

![Font-stretch results with a font having 2 faces, one condensed and one normal.]30170 "")

If the font has no condensed or expanded faces, like the default &quot;Times New Roman&quot; on Mac OS,`font-stretch`will not have any visible effect as the only suitable face will be used in all cases.:<br></br>![Font-stretch results with a font having 1 single face.]30171 "")



[初始值]28302 "") | `normal` 
适用元素 | all elements. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]27929 "CSS 伪元素 ::first-letter会选中某 block-level element（块级元素）第一行的第一个字母，并且文字所处的行之前没有其他内容（如图片和内联的表格） 。")and[`::first-line`]27930 "::first-line CSS pseudo-element （CSS伪元素）在某 block-level element （块级元素）的第一行应用样式。第一行的长度取决于很多因素，包括元素宽度，文档宽度和文本的文字大小。"). 
[是否是继承属性]28299 "") | yes 
适用媒体 | visual 
[计算值]28304 "") | as specified 
Animation type | a[font stretch]30055 "Font stretch values are interpolated in discrete steps. The interpolation happens as though the ordered values are equally spaced real numbers; the result is rounded to the nearest value, with values exactly halfway between two values rounded towards the later value, that is the most expanded one.") 
正规顺序 | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Keyword values */
font-stretch: ultra-condensed;
font-stretch: extra-condensed;
font-stretch: condensed;
font-stretch: semi-condensed;
font-stretch: normal;
font-stretch: semi-expanded;
font-stretch: expanded;
font-stretch: extra-expanded;
font-stretch: ultra-expanded;

/* Global values */
font-stretch: inherit;
font-stretch: initial;
font-stretch: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>指定默认字体</dd><dt id=''>`semi-condensed`,`condensed`,`extra-condensed`,`ultra-condensed`</dt><dd></dd><dt id=''>`semi-expanded`,`expanded`,`extra-expanded`,`ultra-expanded`</dt><dd>大于默认字体的值</dd></dl>
### Interpolation<a name="Interpolation"></a>


Font stretch values are interpolated in discrete steps. The interpolation happens as though the ordered values are equally spaced real numbers; the result is rounded to the nearest value, with values exactly halfway between two values rounded towards the later value, that is the most expanded one.


### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
normal | ultra-condensed | extra-condensed | condensed | semi-condensed | semi-expanded | expanded | extra-expanded | ultra-expanded
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div class="ultra stretch"> This is text with the font extremely expanded</div>
<div class="stretch"> This is text with the font stretched</div>
<div class="normal"> This is text without font stretching</div>
<div class="condensed"> This is text with the font condensed</div>
<div class="ultra condensed"> This is text with the font extremely condensed</div>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.ultra.stretch{font-stretch: ultra-expanded;}
.stretch {font-stretch: expanded;} 
.normal {font-stretch: normal;}
.condensed {font-stretch: condensed;}
.ultra.condensed {font-stretch: ultra-condensed;}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/font-stretch$samples/Example?revision=1382078' width='500' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fonts Module Level 3<br></br><small>font-stretch</small>]30172 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 



The CSS property`font-stretch`was initially defined in CSS 2, but dropped in CSS 2.1 due to lack of implementation experience. It has been newly defined in CSS 3.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 48.0 | (Yes) | [9.0]12621 "Released on 2011-12-20.")(9.0) | 9.0 | 35.0 | 未实现 






