---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Function/Constructor
---





The**`Function`constructor**creates a new`Function`object. Calling the constructor directly can create functions dynamically, but suffers from security and similar (but far less significant) performance issues similar to[`eval`]24401 "The eval() method evaluates JavaScript code represented as a string."). However, unlike eval, the Function constructor allows executing code in the global scope, prompting better programming habits and allowing for more efficient code minification.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/js/function-constructor.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


Every JavaScript function is actually a`Function`object. This can be seen with the code`(function(){}).constructor === Function`which returns true.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
new Function ([arg1[, arg2[, ...argN]],] functionBody)
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`arg1, arg2, ... arg*N*`</dt><dd>Names to be used by the function as formal argument names. Each must be a string that corresponds to a valid JavaScript identifier or a list of such strings separated with a comma; for example &quot;`x`&quot;, &quot;`theValue`&quot;, or &quot;`a,b`&quot;.</dd><dt id=''>`functionBody`</dt><dd>A string containing the JavaScript statements comprising the function definition.</dd></dl>
## Description<a name="Description"></a>


`Function`objects created with the`Function`constructor are parsed when the function is created. This is less efficient than declaring a function with a[function expression]40904 "")or[function statement]40931 "")and calling it within your code because such functions are parsed with the rest of the code.



All arguments passed to the function are treated as the names of the identifiers of the parameters in the function to be created, in the order in which they are passed.



Invoking the`Function`constructor as a function (without using the`new`operator) has the same effect as invoking it as a constructor. However, getting rid of the new operator allows for a smaller minified code size (4 bytes smaller), so it is best to not use`new`with`Function`.


## Properties and Methods of`Function`<a name="Properties_and_Methods_of_Function"></a>


The global`Function`object has no methods or properties of its own. However, since it is a function itself, it does inherit some methods and properties through the prototype chain from[`Function.prototype`]42576 "The Function.prototype property represents the Function prototype object.").


## `Function`prototype object<a name="Function_prototype_object"></a>

### Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Function.arguments`]42571 "The function.arguments property refers to an an array-like object corresponding to the arguments passed to a function. Use the simple variable arguments instead. This property is forbidden in strict model due to taill call optimization.")<i></i></dt><dd>An array corresponding to the arguments passed to a function. This is deprecated as property of[`Function`]40828 "The Function constructor creates a new Function object. Calling the constructor directly can create functions dynamically, but suffers from security and performance issues similar to eval."). Use the[`arguments`]40944 "The arguments object is an Array-like object corresponding to the arguments passed to a function.")object available within the function instead.</dd><dt id=''><s>[`Function.arity`]42572 "The arity property used to return the number of arguments expected by the function, however, it no longer exists and has been replaced by the Function.prototype.length property.")<i></i></s></dt><dd><s>Used to specifiy the number of arguments expected by the function, but has been removed. Use the[`length`]41390 "The length property indicates the number of arguments expected by the function.")property instead.</s></dd><dt id=''>[`Function.caller`]42573 "The function.caller property returns the function that invoked the specified function. This property is forbidden in strict model due to tail call optimization.")<i></i></dt><dd>Specifies the function that invoked the currently executing function.</dd><dt id=''>[`Function.length`]41390 "The length property indicates the number of arguments expected by the function.")</dt><dd>Specifies the number of arguments expected by the function.</dd><dt id=''>[`Function.name`]42575 "A Function object's read-only name property indicates the function's name as specified when it was created, or "anonymous" for functions created anonymously.")</dt><dd>The name of the function.</dd><dt id=''>[`Function.displayName`]42574 "The function.displayName property returns the display name of the function.")<i></i></dt><dd>The display name of the function.</dd><dt id=''>`Function.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>Specifies the function that creates an object&#39;s prototype. See[`Object.prototype.constructor`]42585 "Returns a reference to the Object constructor function that created the instance object. Note that the value of this property is a reference to the function itself, not a string containing the function's name. The value is only read-only for primitive values such as 1, true and "test".")for more details.</dd></dl>

### Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Function.prototype.apply()`]42577 "The apply() method calls a function with a given this value, and arguments provided as an array (or an array-like object).")</dt><dd>Calls a function and sets its*this*to the provided value, arguments can be passed as an[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects.")object.</dd><dt id=''>[`Function.prototype.bind()`]24407 "The bind() method creates a new function that, when called, has its this keyword set to the provided value, with a given sequence of arguments preceding any provided when the new function is called.")</dt><dd>Creates a new function which, when called, has its*this*set to the provided value, with a given sequence of arguments preceding any provided when the new function was called.</dd><dt id=''>[`Function.prototype.call()`]24463 "The call() method calls a function with a given this value and arguments provided individually.")</dt><dd>Calls (executes) a function and sets its*this*to the provided value, arguments can be passed as they are.</dd><dt id=''>[`Function.prototype.isGenerator()`]42578 "The non-standard isGenerator() method used to determine whether or not a function is a generator. It has been removed from Firefox starting with version 58.")<i></i></dt><dd>Returns`true`if the function is a[generator]41392 ""); otherwise returns`false`.</dd><dt id=''>[`Function.prototype.toSource()`]42579 "The toSource() method returns a string representing the source code of the object.")<i></i></dt><dd>Returns a string representing the source code of the function. Overrides the[`Object.prototype.toSource`]22333 "The toSource() method returns a string representing the source code of the object.")method.</dd><dt id=''>[`Function.prototype.toString()`]42580 "The toString() method returns a string representing the source code of the function.")</dt><dd>Returns a string representing the source code of the function. Overrides the[`Object.prototype.toString`]22335 "The toString() method returns a string representing the object.")method.</dd></dl>

## `Function`instances<a name="Function_instances"></a>


`Function`instances inherit methods and properties from[`Function.prototype`]42576 "The Function.prototype property represents the Function prototype object."). As with all constructors, you can change the constructor&#39;s prototype object to make changes to all`Function`instances.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Specifying arguments with the`Function`constructor<a name="Specifying_arguments_with_the_Function_constructor"></a>


The following code creates a`Function`object that takes two arguments.


```
// Example can be run directly in your JavaScript console

// Create a function that takes two arguments and returns the sum of those arguments
var adder = new Function('a', 'b', 'return a + b');

// Call the function
adder(2, 6);
// > 8
```


The arguments &quot;`a`&quot; and &quot;`b`&quot; are formal argument names that are used in the function body, &quot;`return a + b`&quot;.


### Difference between Function constructor and function declaration<a name="Difference_between_Function_constructor_and_function_declaration"></a>


Functions created with the`Function`constructor do not create closures to their creation contexts; they always are created in the global scope. When running them, they will only be able to access their own local variables and global ones, not the ones from the scope in which the`Function`constructor was called. This is different from using[`eval`]24401 "The eval() method evaluates JavaScript code represented as a string.")with code for a function expression.


```
var x = 10;

function createFunction1() {
    var x = 20;
    return new Function('return x;'); // this |x| refers global |x|
}

function createFunction2() {
    var x = 20;
    function f() {
        return x; // this |x| refers local |x| above
    }
    return f;
}

var f1 = createFunction1();
console.log(f1());          // 10
var f2 = createFunction2();
console.log(f2());          // 20
```


The &quot;proper&quot; way to execute external code with`Function`(for maximum minifyability).


```
function makeFunction(code){
    return Function('"use strict";return ' + code)();
}
var add = makeFunction(
  "" + function(a, b, c){ return a + b + c } // move this to a separate file in the production release
);
console.log( add(1, 2, 3) ); // will log six
```


Please note that the above code by itself is completely impractical. You should never abuse Function like that. Instead, the above code is meant only to be a simplified example of something like a module loader where there is a base script, then there are hundreds of big optionally loaded modules. Then, instead of the user waiting while they all download, the clients computer only downloads modules as needed so the page loads super fast. Also, it is reccomended that when evaluating many functions, the functions are evaluated together in bulk instead of separatly.


```
function bulkMakeFunctions(){
    var str = "", i = 1, Len = arguments.length;
    if (Len) {
        str = arguments[0];
        while (i !== Len) str += "," + arguments[i], ++i;
    }
    return Function('"use strict";return[' + str + ']')();
}
const [
    add,                        sub,                        mul,                        div
] = bulkMakeFunctions(
    "function(a,b){return a+b}","function(a,b){return a-b}","function(a,b){return a*b}","function(a,b){return a/b}"
);
console.log(sub(add(mul(4,3), div(225,5)), 7))
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript 1st Edition (ECMA-262)]22338 "The 'ECMAScript 1st Edition (ECMA-262)' specification") | Standard | Initial definition. Implemented in JavaScript 1.0. 
[ECMAScript 5.1 (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Function&#39; in that specification.</small>]42026 "") | Standard |  
[ECMAScript 2015 (6th Edition, ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Function&#39; in that specification.</small>]42027 "") | Standard |  
[ECMAScript Latest Draft (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Function&#39; in that specification.</small>]46060 "") | Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`arguments`]46061 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`arity`]46062 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`caller`]46063 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`displayName`]46064 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>13 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`length`]46065 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`name`]46066 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`prototype`]46067 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`apply`]46068 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`bind`]46069 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11.6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`call`]46070 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`isGenerator`]46071 "")<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>5 — 58 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>5 — 58 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`toSource`]46072 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`toString`]46073 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Functions and function scope`]40943 "Generally speaking, a function is a "subprogram" that can be called by code external (or internal in the case of recursion) to the function. Like the program itself, a function is composed of a sequence of statements called the function body. Values can be passed to a function, and the function will return a value.")
* [`function statement`]40931 "The function declaration defines a function with the specified parameters.")
* [`function expression`]40904 "The function keyword can be used to define a function inside an expression.")
* [`function* statement`]40932 "The function* declaration (function keyword followed by an asterisk) defines a generator function, which returns a Generator object.")
* [`function* expression`]40905 "The function* keyword can be used to define a generator function inside an expression.")
* [`AsyncFunction`]40825 "The AsyncFunction constructor creates a new async function object. In JavaScript every asynchronous function is actually an AsyncFunction object.")
* [`GeneratorFunction`]40830 "The GeneratorFunction constructor creates a new generator function object. In JavaScript every generator function is actually a GeneratorFunction object.")



