---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-difftool
---


## NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-difftool - Show changes using common diff tools





## SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git difftool [<options>] [<commit> [<commit>]] [--] [<path>…​]
```




## DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


<em>git difftool</em>is a Git command that allows you to compare and edit files between revisions using common diff tools.<em>git difftool</em>is a frontend to<em>git diff</em>and accepts the same options and arguments. See[git-diff[1]](%2255  "").





## OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-difftool--d'>-d</dt><dt id='git-difftool---dir-diff'>--dir-diff</dt><dd>

Copy the modified files to a temporary location and perform a directory diff on them. This mode never prompts before launching the diff tool.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool--y'>-y</dt><dt id='git-difftool---no-prompt'>--no-prompt</dt><dd>

Do not prompt before launching a diff tool.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool---prompt'>--prompt</dt><dd>

Prompt before each invocation of the diff tool. This is the default behaviour; the option is provided to override any configuration settings.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool--tlttoolgt'>-t &lt;tool&gt;</dt><dt id='git-difftool---toollttoolgt'>--tool=&lt;tool&gt;</dt><dd>

Use the diff tool specified by &lt;tool&gt;. Valid values include emerge, kompare, meld, and vimdiff. Run`git difftool --tool-help`for the list of valid &lt;tool&gt; settings.



If a diff tool is not specified,<em>git difftool</em>will use the configuration variable`diff.tool`. If the configuration variable`diff.tool`is not set,<em>git difftool</em>will pick a suitable default.




You can explicitly provide a full path to the tool by setting the configuration variable`difftool.<tool>.path`. For example, you can configure the absolute path to kdiff3 by setting`difftool.kdiff3.path`. Otherwise,<em>git difftool</em>assumes the tool is available in PATH.




Instead of running one of the known diff tools,<em>git difftool</em>can be customized to run an alternative program by specifying the command line to invoke in a configuration variable`difftool.<tool>.cmd`.




When<em>git difftool</em>is invoked with this tool (either through the`-t`or`--tool`option or the`diff.tool`configuration variable) the configured command line will be invoked with the following variables available:`$LOCAL`is set to the name of the temporary file containing the contents of the diff pre-image and`$REMOTE`is set to the name of the temporary file containing the contents of the diff post-image.`$MERGED`is the name of the file which is being compared.`$BASE`is provided for compatibility with custom merge tool commands and has the same value as`$MERGED`.


</dd><dt id='git-difftool---tool-help'>--tool-help</dt><dd>

Print a list of diff tools that may be used with`--tool`.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool---no-symlinks'>--[no-]symlinks</dt><dd>

<em>git difftool</em>&#39;s default behavior is create symlinks to the working tree when run in`--dir-diff`mode and the right-hand side of the comparison yields the same content as the file in the working tree.



Specifying`--no-symlinks`instructs<em>git difftool</em>to create copies instead.`--no-symlinks`is the default on Windows.


</dd><dt id='git-difftool--xltcommandgt'>-x &lt;command&gt;</dt><dt id='git-difftool---extcmdltcommandgt'>--extcmd=&lt;command&gt;</dt><dd>

Specify a custom command for viewing diffs.<em>git-difftool</em>ignores the configured defaults and runs`$command $LOCAL $REMOTE`when this option is specified. Additionally,`$BASE`is set in the environment.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool--g'>-g</dt><dt id='git-difftool---no-gui'>--[no-]gui</dt><dd>

When<em>git-difftool</em>is invoked with the`-g`or`--gui`option the default diff tool will be read from the configured`diff.guitool`variable instead of`diff.tool`. The`--no-gui`option can be used to override this setting.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool---no-trust-exit-code'>--[no-]trust-exit-code</dt><dd>

<em>git-difftool</em>invokes a diff tool individually on each file. Errors reported by the diff tool are ignored by default. Use`--trust-exit-code`to make<em>git-difftool</em>exit when an invoked diff tool returns a non-zero exit code.



<em>git-difftool</em>will forward the exit code of the invoked tool when`--trust-exit-code`is used.


</dd></dl>


See[git-diff[1]](%2255  "")for the full list of supported options.





## CONFIG VARIABLES<a name="_config_variables"></a>


<em>git difftool</em>falls back to<em>git mergetool</em>config variables when the difftool equivalents have not been defined.


<dl><dt id='git-difftool-difftool'>diff.tool</dt><dd>

The default diff tool to use.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool-diffguitool'>diff.guitool</dt><dd>

The default diff tool to use when`--gui`is specified.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool-difftoollttoolgtpath'>difftool.&lt;tool&gt;.path</dt><dd>

Override the path for the given tool. This is useful in case your tool is not in the PATH.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool-difftoollttoolgtcmd'>difftool.&lt;tool&gt;.cmd</dt><dd>

Specify the command to invoke the specified diff tool.



See the`--tool=<tool>`option above for more details.


</dd><dt id='git-difftool-difftoolprompt'>difftool.prompt</dt><dd>

Prompt before each invocation of the diff tool.

</dd><dt id='git-difftool-difftooltrustExitCode'>difftool.trustExitCode</dt><dd>

Exit difftool if the invoked diff tool returns a non-zero exit status.



See the`--trust-exit-code`option above for more details.


</dd></dl>



## SEE ALSO<a name="_see_also"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-difftool-ahrefdocsgit-diffgit-diff1a'>[git-diff[1]](%2255  "")</dt><dd>

Show changes between commits, commit and working tree, etc

</dd><dt id='git-difftool-ahrefdocsgit-mergetoolgit-mergetool1a'>[git-mergetool[1]](%2263  "")</dt><dd>

Run merge conflict resolution tools to resolve merge conflicts

</dd><dt id='git-difftool-ahrefdocsgit-configgit-config1a'>[git-config[1]](%2249  "")</dt><dd>

Get and set repository or global options

</dd></dl>



## GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





