---
manual:git reference
version:2.*
lang:en
rawUrl:https://git-scm.com/docs/git-commit-graph
---


## [](%5365#_name "")NAME<a name="_name"></a>


git-commit-graph - Write and verify Git commit graph files





## [](%5365#_synopsis "")SYNOPSIS<a name="_synopsis"></a>

```
git commit-graph read [--object-dir <dir>]
git commit-graph write <options> [--object-dir <dir>]
```




## [](%5365#_description "")DESCRIPTION<a name="_description"></a>


Manage the serialized commit graph file.





## [](%5365#_options "")OPTIONS<a name="_options"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-commit-graph---object-dir'>[](%5365#git-commit-graph---object-dir "")--object-dir</dt><dd>

Use given directory for the location of packfiles and commit graph file. This parameter exists to specify the location of an alternate that only has the objects directory, not a full .git directory. The commit graph file is expected to be at &lt;dir&gt;/info/commit-graph and the packfiles are expected to be in &lt;dir&gt;/pack.

</dd></dl>



## [](%5365#_commands "")COMMANDS<a name="_commands"></a>
<dl><dt id='git-commit-graph-emwriteem'>[](%5365#git-commit-graph-emwriteem "")<em>write</em></dt><dd>

Write a commit graph file based on the commits found in packfiles.



With the`--stdin-packs`option, generate the new commit graph by walking objects only in the specified pack-indexes. (Cannot be combined with --stdin-commits.)




With the`--stdin-commits`option, generate the new commit graph by walking commits starting at the commits specified in stdin as a list of OIDs in hex, one OID per line. (Cannot be combined with --stdin-packs.)




With the`--append`option, include all commits that are present in the existing commit-graph file.


</dd><dt id='git-commit-graph-emreadem'>[](%5365#git-commit-graph-emreadem "")<em>read</em></dt><dd>

Read a graph file given by the commit-graph file and output basic details about the graph file. Used for debugging purposes.

</dd></dl>



## [](%5365#_examples "")EXAMPLES<a name="_examples"></a>

* Write a commit graph file for the packed commits in your local .git folder.


```
$ git commit-graph write
```
* Write a graph file, extending the current graph file using commits
* in &lt;pack-index&gt;.


```
$ echo <pack-index> | git commit-graph write --stdin-packs
```
* Write a graph file containing all reachable commits.


```
$ git show-ref -s | git commit-graph write --stdin-commits
```
* Write a graph file containing all commits in the current
* commit-graph file along with those reachable from HEAD.


```
$ git rev-parse HEAD | git commit-graph write --stdin-commits --append
```
* Read basic information from the commit-graph file.


```
$ git commit-graph read
```




## [](%5365#_git "")GIT<a name="_git"></a>


Part of the[git[1]](%2248  "")suite





