---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline
---





The**`outline`**[CSS]28421 "")property is a[shorthand]28797 "")for setting various outline properties in a single declaration:[`outline-style`]33003 "The outline-style CSS property sets the style of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border."),[`outline-width`]31424 "The outline-width CSS property sets the width (thickness) of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border."), and[`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/outline.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


As with all shorthand properties, any omitted sub-values will be set to their[initial value]28552 "").


### Borders vs. outlines<a name="Borders_vs._outlines"></a>


[Borders]29117 "")and outlines are very similar. However, outlines differ from borders in the following ways:


* Outlines never take up space, as they are drawn outside of an element&#39;s content.
* According to the spec, outlines don&#39;t have to be rectangular, although they usually are.

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* style */
outline: solid;

/* color | style */
outline: #f66 dashed;

/* style | width */
outline: inset thick;

/* color | style | width */
outline: green solid 3px;

/* Global values */
outline: inherit;
outline: initial;
outline: unset;
```


The`outline`property may be specified using one, two, or three of the values listed below. The order of the values does not matter.



**Note:**The outline will be invisible if its style is not defined. This is because the style defaults to`none`.



### Values<a name="Values_2"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<'outline-color'>`</dt><dd>Sets the color of the outline. Defaults to`currentcolor`if absent. See[`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline.").</dd><dt id=''>`<'outline-style'>`</dt><dd>Sets the style of the outline. Defaults to`none`if absent. See[`outline-style`]33003 "The outline-style CSS property sets the style of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border.").</dd><dt id=''>`<'outline-width'>`</dt><dd>Sets the thickness of the outline. Defaults to`medium`if absent. See[`outline-width`]31424 "The outline-width CSS property sets the width (thickness) of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border.").</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <'outline-color'> || <'outline-style'> || <'outline-width'> ]
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<a href="#">This link has a special focus style.</a>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
a {
  border: 1px solid;
  border-radius: 3px;
  display: inline-block;
  margin: 10px;
  padding: 5px;
}

a:focus {
  outline: 4px dotted #e73;
  outline-offset: 4px;
  background: #ffa;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/outline$samples/Example?revision=1374674' width='100%' height='60'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


Assigning`outline`a value of`0`or`none`will remove the browser&#39;s default focus style. If an element can be interacted with, it must have a visible focus indicator. Provide obvious focus styling if the default focus style is removed.


* [:focus — CSS | MDN]31390 "")
* [How to Design Useful and Usable Focus Indicators]35594 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.7 | Understanding WCAG 2.0]35595 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Basic User Interface Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;outline&#39; in that specification.</small>]31374 "") | Proposed Recommendation | No change. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;outline&#39; in that specification.</small>]31375 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline."):`invert`, for browsers supporting it,`currentColor`for the other
* [`outline-style`]33003 "The outline-style CSS property sets the style of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border."):`none`
* [`outline-width`]31424 "The outline-width CSS property sets the width (thickness) of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border."):`medium` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`visual`]30489 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"):Value not found in DB!
* [`interactive`]31397 "The @media CSS at-rule associates a set of nested statements, in a CSS block, that is delimited by curly braces, with a condition defined by a media query. The @media at-rule may be used not only at the top level of a CSS, but also inside any CSS conditional-group at-rule."):Value not found in DB! 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline."): For the keyword`invert`, the computed value is`invert`. For the color value, if the value is translucent, the computed value will be the`rgba()`corresponding one. If it isn&#39;t, it will be the`rgb()`corresponding one. The`transparent`keyword maps to`rgba(0,0,0,0)`.
* [`outline-width`]31424 "The outline-width CSS property sets the width (thickness) of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border."): an absolute length; if the keyword`none`is specified, the computed value is`0`
* [`outline-style`]33003 "The outline-style CSS property sets the style of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border."): as specified 
Animation type | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`outline-color`]29455 "The outline-color CSS property sets the color of an element's outline."): a[color](%4569#Interpolation "Values of the <color> CSS data type are interpolated on each of their red, green, blue components, each handled as a real, floating-point number. Note that interpolation of colors happens in the alpha-premultiplied sRGBA color space to prevent unexpected grey colors to appear.")
* [`outline-width`]31424 "The outline-width CSS property sets the width (thickness) of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border."): a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.")
* [`outline-style`]33003 "The outline-style CSS property sets the style of an element's outline. An outline is a line that is drawn around an element, outside the border."): discrete 
Canonical order | order of appearance in the formal grammar of the values 



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1.5<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1.2 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>




