---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/counter-increment
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]29564 "")。





## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The`counter-increment`[CSS]28421 "CSS")property is used to increase the value of[CSS Counters]29565 "CSS_Counters")by a given value. The counter&#39;s value can be reset using the[`counter-reset`]27904 "The counter-reset CSS property is used to reset CSS Counters to a given value.")CSS property.


[初始值]28302 "") | `none` 
适用元素 | all elements 
[是否是继承属性]28299 "") | 否 
适用媒体 | all 
[计算值]28304 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
正规顺序 | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Increment counter-name by 1 */
counter-increment: counter-name;

/* Decrement counter-name by 1 */
counter-increment: counter-name -1;

/* Increment counter1 by 1, and decrement counter2 by 4 */
counter-increment: counter 1 counter2 -4;

/* Do not increment/decrement anything: used to hide less specific values */
counter-increment: none;

/* Global values */
counter-increment: inherit;
counter-increment: initial;
counter-increment: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<custom-ident>`]27909 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>The name of the counter to increment. This identifier is composed by a combination of case-insensitive letters`a`to`z`, numbers`0`to`9`, underscores (`_`), and/or dashes (`-`). The first non-dash character must be a letter (that is, no number at the beginning of it, even if preceded by a dash.) Also, two dashes are forbidden at the beginning of the identifier. It can&#39;t be`none`,`unset`,`initial`, or`inherit`in any combination of cases.</dd><dt id=''>[`<integer>`]28014 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of number that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index.")</dt><dd>The value to add to the counter. Defaults to 1 if not given.</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>No counter must be incremented. This is used as the default value, or to cancel an increment in more specific rules.</dd></dl>

You may specify as many counters to increment as you want, each separated by a space.


### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <custom-ident> <integer>? ]+ | none

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
h1 {
  counter-increment: chapter section 2 page;
  /* Increases the value of the chapter and page counters by 1
     and the section counter by 2. */
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Lists Module Level 3<br></br><small>counter-increment</small>]29566 "") | Working Draft | No change. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>counter-increment</small>]29567 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 2.0 | 1.0 (?) | 8.0 | 9.2 | 3.0 (?) 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [CSS Counters]29568 "CSS Counters"),[`counter-reset`]27904 "The counter-reset CSS property is used to reset CSS Counters to a given value.")



