---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin#%3Cpercentage%3E
---





The**`margin`**[CSS]28350 "CSS")property sets the[margin area]32859 "")on all four sides of an element. It is a[shorthand]28797 "")for setting all individual margins at once:[`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."),[`margin-right`]30851 "The margin-right CSS property sets the margin area on the right side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."),[`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."), and[`margin-left`]30853 "The margin-left CSS property sets the margin area on the left side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.").

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/margin.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


The top and bottom margins have no effect on*non-[replaced]28752 "")*inline elements, such as[`<span>`]13247 "The HTML <span> element is a generic inline container for phrasing content, which does not inherently represent anything. It can be used to group elements for styling purposes (using the class or id attributes), or because they share attribute values, such as lang.")or[`<code>`]34192 "The HTML <code> element displays its contents styled in a fashion intended to indicate that the text is a short fragment of computer code.").



**Note:**Margins create extra space around an element. In contrast,[`padding`]29242 "The padding CSS property sets the padding area on all four sides of an element. It is a shorthand for setting all individual paddings at once: padding-top, padding-right, padding-bottom, and padding-left.")creates extra space*within*an element.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Apply to all four sides */
margin: 1em;
margin: -3px;

/* vertical | horizontal */
margin: 5% auto;

/* top | horizontal | bottom */
margin: 1em auto 2em; 

/* top | right | bottom | left */
margin: 2px 1em 0 auto;

/* Global values */
margin: inherit;
margin: initial;
margin: unset;
```


The`margin`property may be specified using one, two, three, or four values. Each value is a`[&lt;length&gt;]34193 "")`, a`[&lt;percentage&gt;]34194 "")`, or the keyword`[auto]34195 "")`. Negative values draw the element closer to its neighbors than it would be by default.


* When**one**value is specified, it applies the same margin to**all four sides**.
* When**two**values are specified, the first margin applies to the**top and bottom**, the second to the**left and right**.
* When**three**values are specified, the first margin applies to the**top**, the second to the**left and right**, the third to the**bottom**.
* When**four**values are specified, the margins apply to the**top**,**right**,**bottom**, and**left**in that order (clockwise).

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>**[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")**</dt><dd>The size of the margin as a fixed value.</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>The size of the margin as a percentage, relative to the*width*of the containing block.</dd><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>The browser selects a suitable margin to use. For example, in certain cases this value can be used to center an element.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
[ <length> | <percentage> | auto ]{1,4}
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Simple example<a name="Simple_example"></a>

#### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div class="center">This element is centered.</div>

<div class="outside">This element is positioned outside of its container.</div>
```

#### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.center {
  margin: auto;
  background: lime;
  width: 66%;
}

.outside {
  margin: 3rem 0 0 -3rem;
  background: cyan;
  width: 66%;
} 
 

```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/margin$samples/Simple_example?revision=1390821' width='100%' height='120'></iframe>



### More examples<a name="More_examples"></a>

```
margin: 5%;                 /* All sides: 5% margin */

margin: 10px;               /* All sides: 10px margin */

margin: 1.6em 20px;         /* top and bottom: 1.6em margin */
                            /* left and right: 20px margin  */

margin: 10px 3% -1em;       /* top:            10px margin */
                            /* left and right: 3% margin   */
                            /* bottom:         -1em margin */

margin: 10px 3px 30px 5px;  /* top:    10px margin */
                            /* right:  3px margin  */
                            /* bottom: 30px margin */
                            /* left:   5px margin  */

margin: 2em auto;           /* top and bottom: 2em margin   */
                            /* Box is horizontally centered */

margin: auto;               /* top and bottom: 0 margin     */
                            /* Box is horizontally centered */
```

## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>

### Horizontal centering<a name="Horizontal_centering"></a>


To center something horizontally in modern browsers, you can use`[display]30836 ""): flex;[justify-content]30349 ""): center;`.



However, in older browsers like IE8-9 that do not support Flexible Box Layout, these are not available. In order to center an element inside its parent, use`margin: 0 auto;`.


### Margin collapsing<a name="Margin_collapsing"></a>


Elements&#39; top and bottom margins are sometimes collapsed into a single margin that is equal to the larger of the two margins. See[Mastering margin collapsing]30837 "")for more information.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Basic Box Model<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;margin&#39; in that specification.</small>]30838 "") | Working Draft | No significant change. 
[CSS Transitions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;margin&#39; in that specification.</small>]29205 "") | Working Draft | Defines`margin`as animatable. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;margin&#39; in that specification.</small>]30839 "") | Recommendation | Removes the effect of top and bottom margins on inline elements. 
[CSS Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;margin&#39; in that specification.</small>]30840 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."):`0`
* [`margin-left`]30853 "The margin-left CSS property sets the margin area on the left side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."):`0`
* [`margin-right`]30851 "The margin-right CSS property sets the margin area on the right side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."):`0`
* [`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."):`0` 
Applies to | all elements, except elements with table[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")types other than`table-caption`,`table`and`inline-table`. It also applies to[`::first-letter`]28553 "The ::first-letter CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first letter of the first line of a block-level element, but only when not preceded by other content (such as images or inline tables)."). 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | refer to the width of the containing block 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length
* [`margin-left`]30853 "The margin-left CSS property sets the margin area on the left side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length
* [`margin-right`]30851 "The margin-right CSS property sets the margin area on the right side of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length
* [`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."): the percentage as specified or the absolute length 
Animation type | a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.") 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`auto` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [CSS Box Model]30841 "en/CSS/box model")
* [Margin collapsing]30842 "en/CSS/margin collapsing")



