---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object/__proto__
---





**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table]45973 "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.




**Warning:**Changing the`[[Prototype]]`of an object is, by the nature of how modern JavaScript engines optimize property accesses, a very slow operation, in***every***browser and JavaScript engine. The effects on performance of altering inheritance are subtle and far-flung, and are not limited to simply the time spent in`obj.__proto__ = ...`statement, but may extend to***any***code that has access to***any***object whose`[[Prototype]]`has been altered. If you care about performance you should avoid setting the`[[Prototype]]`of an object. Instead, create a new object with the desired`[[Prototype]]`using[`Object.create()`]44166 "The Object.create() method creates a new object, using an existing object to provide the newly created object's __proto__ . (see browser console for visual evidence.)").




**Warning:**While`Object.prototype.__proto__`is supported today in most browsers, its existence and exact behavior has only been standardized in the ECMAScript 2015 specification as a legacy feature to ensure compatibility for web browsers. For better support, it is recommended that only[`Object.getPrototypeOf()`]43658 "The Object.getPrototypeOf() method returns the prototype (i.e. the value of the internal [[Prototype]] property) of the specified object.")be used instead.





The`__proto__`property of[`Object.prototype`]41499 "The Object.prototype property represents the Object prototype object.")is an accessor property (a getter function and a setter function) that exposes the internal`[[Prototype]]`(either an object or[`null`]6598 "The value null represents the intentional absence of any object value. It is one of JavaScript's primitive values.")) of the object through which it is accessed.



The use of`__proto__`is controversial, and has been discouraged. It was never originally included in the EcmaScript language spec, but modern browsers decided to implement it anyway. Only recently, the`__proto__`property has been standardized in the ECMAScript 2015 language specification for web browsers to ensure compatibility, so will be supported into the future. It is deprecated in favor of[`Object.getPrototypeOf`]43658 "The Object.getPrototypeOf() method returns the prototype (i.e. the value of the internal [[Prototype]] property) of the specified object.")/[`Reflect.getPrototypeOf`]45974 "The static Reflect.getPrototypeOf() method is almost the same method as Object.getPrototypeOf(). It returns the prototype (i.e. the value of the internal [[Prototype]] property) of the specified object.")and[`Object.setPrototypeOf`]42595 "The Object.setPrototypeOf() method sets the prototype (i.e., the internal [[Prototype]] property) of a specified object to another object or null.")/[`Reflect.setPrototypeOf`]45975 "The static Reflect.setPrototypeOf() method is the same method as Object.setPrototypeOf(). It sets the prototype (i.e., the internal [[Prototype]] property) of a specified object to another object or to null.")(though still, setting the`[[Prototype]]`of an object is a slow operation that should be avoided if performance is a concern).



The`__proto__`property can also be used in an object literal definition to set the object`[[Prototype]]`on creation, as an alternative to[`Object.create()`]44166 "The Object.create() method creates a new object, using an existing object to provide the newly created object's __proto__ . (see browser console for visual evidence.)"). See:[object initializer / literal syntax]40895 "").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var Circle = function () {};
var shape = {};
var circle = new Circle();

// Set the object prototype.
// DEPRECATED. This is for example purposes only. DO NOT DO THIS in real code.
shape.__proto__ = circle;

// Get the object prototype
console.log(shape.__proto__ === circle); // true
```

```
var shape = function () {};
var p = {
    a: function () {
        console.log('aaa');
    }
};
shape.prototype.__proto__ = p;

var circle = new shape();
circle.a(); // aaa
console.log(shape.prototype === circle.__proto__); // true

// or
var shape = function () {};
var p = {
    a: function () {
        console.log('a');
    }
};

var circle = new shape();
circle.__proto__ = p;
circle.a(); // a
console.log(shape.prototype === circle.__proto__); // false

// or
function test() {};
test.prototype.myname = function () {
    console.log('myname');
};

var a = new test();
console.log(a.__proto__ === test.prototype); // true
a.myname(); // myname


// or
var fn = function () {};
fn.prototype.myname = function () {
    console.log('myname');
};

var obj = {
    __proto__: fn.prototype
};

obj.myname(); // myname
```


Note: that is two underscores, followed by the five characters &quot;proto&quot;, followed by two more underscores.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The`__proto__`getter function exposes the value of the internal`[[Prototype]]`of an object. For objects created using an object literal, this value is[`Object.prototype`]41499 "The Object.prototype property represents the Object prototype object."). For objects created using array literals, this value is[`Array.prototype`]44278 "The Array.prototype property represents the prototype for the Array constructor and allows you to add new properties and methods to all Array objects."). For functions, this value is[`Function.prototype`]42576 "The Function.prototype property represents the Function prototype object."). For objects created using`new fun`, where`fun`is one of the built-in constructor functions provided by JavaScript ([`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects."),[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value."),[`Date`]10838 "Creates a JavaScript Date instance that represents a single moment in time. Date objects are based on a time value that is the number of milliseconds since 1 January 1970 UTC."),[`Number`]14073 "The Number JavaScript object is a wrapper object allowing you to work with numerical values. A Number object is created using the Number() constructor."),[`Object`]6346 "The Object constructor creates an object wrapper."),[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters."), and so on — including new constructors added as JavaScript evolves), this value is always`fun.prototype`. For objects created using`new fun`, where`fun`is a function defined in a script, this value is the value of`fun.prototype`. (That is, if the constructor didn&#39;t return an other object explicitly, or the`fun.prototype`has been reassigned since the instance was created).



The`__proto__`setter allows the`[[Prototype]]`of an object to be mutated. The object must be extensible according to[`Object.isExtensible()`]44176 "The Object.isExtensible() method determines if an object is extensible (whether it can have new properties added to it)."): if it is not, a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")is thrown. The value provided must be an object or[`null`]6598 "The value null represents the intentional absence of any object value. It is one of JavaScript's primitive values."). Providing any other value will do nothing.



To understand how prototypes are used for inheritance, see guide article[Inheritance and the prototype chain]15699 "").



The`__proto__`property is a simple accessor property on[`Object.prototype`]41499 "The Object.prototype property represents the Object prototype object.")consisting of a getter and setter function. A property access for`__proto__`that eventually consults[`Object.prototype`]41499 "The Object.prototype property represents the Object prototype object.")will find this property, but an access that does not consult[`Object.prototype`]41499 "The Object.prototype property represents the Object prototype object.")will not find it. If some other`__proto__`property is found before[`Object.prototype`]41499 "The Object.prototype property represents the Object prototype object.")is consulted, that property will hide the one found on[`Object.prototype`]41499 "The Object.prototype property represents the Object prototype object.").


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript 2015 (6th Edition, ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Object.prototype.__proto__&#39; in that specification.</small>]44760 "") | Standard | Included in the (normative) annex for additional ECMAScript legacy features for Web browsers (note that the specification codifies what is already in implementations). 
[ECMAScript Latest Draft (ECMA-262)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Object.prototype.__proto__&#39; in that specification.</small>]44761 "") | Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd></dl>


## Compatibility notes<a name="Compatibility_notes"></a>


While the ECMAScript 2015 specification dictates that support for`__proto__`is required*only*for web browsers (although being normative), other environments may support it as well for legacy usage.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Object.prototype.isPrototypeOf()`]42591 "The isPrototypeOf() method checks if an object exists in another object's prototype chain.")
* [`Object.getPrototypeOf()`]43658 "The Object.getPrototypeOf() method returns the prototype (i.e. the value of the internal [[Prototype]] property) of the specified object.")
* [`Object.setPrototypeOf()`]42595 "The Object.setPrototypeOf() method sets the prototype (i.e., the internal [[Prototype]] property) of a specified object to another object or null.")



