---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/fit-content
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%29933#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`fit-content()`**[CSS]427 "")function clamps a given size to an available size according to the formula`min(<var>maximum size</var>, max(<var>minimum size</var>,<var>argument</var>))`.


```
/* <length> values */
fit-content(200px)
fit-content(5cm)
fit-content(30vw)
fit-content(100ch)

/* <percentage> value */
fit-content(40%)
```


The function can be used as a track size in[CSS Grid]29934 "")properties, where the maximum size is defined by`[max-content](%30346#max-content "")`and the minimum size by`[auto](%30346#auto "")`, which is calculated similar to`auto`(i.e.`[minmax(auto, max-content)]29937 "")`), except that the track size is clamped at<var>argument</var>if it is greater than the`auto`minimum.



It can also be used as laid out box size for[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area."),[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area."),[`min-width`]14279 "The min-width CSS property sets the minimum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-width."),[`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height."),[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height."), where the maximum size refers to the maximum content size and the minimum size to the minimum content size.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


A function accepting a`<length>`or a`<percentage>`as an argument.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>An absolute length.</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>A percentage relative to the available space in the given axis.</dd><dd>In grid properties it is relative to the inline size of the grid container in column tracks and to the block size of the grid container for row tracks. Otherwise it is relative to the available inline size or block size of the laid out box depending on the writing mode.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
fit-content( [ <length> | <percentage> ] )
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
#container {
  display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: fit-content(300px) fit-content(300px) 1fr;
  grid-gap: 5px;
  box-sizing: border-box;
  height: 200px;
  width: 100%;
  background-color: #8cffa0;
  padding: 10px;
}

#container > div {
  background-color: #8ca0ff;
  padding: 5px;
} 

```

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div id="container">
  <div>Item as wide as the content.</div>
  <div>
    Item with more text in it. Because the contents of it are
    wider than the maximum width, it is clamped at 300 pixels.
  </div>
  <div>Flexible item</div>
</div>
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/fit-content$samples/Example?revision=1350755' width='100%' height='200'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Intrinsic &amp; Extrinsic Sizing Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;fit-content()&#39; in that specification.</small>]29938 "") | Working Draft | Defines the function as laid out box size for[`width`]13333 "The width CSS property specifies the width of an element. By default, the property defines the width of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the width of the border area."),[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area."),[`min-width`]14279 "The min-width CSS property sets the minimum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-width."),[`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height."),[`max-width`]14280 "The max-width CSS property sets the maximum width of an element. It prevents the used value of the width property from becoming larger than the value specified by max-width.")and[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height."). 
[CSS Grid Layout<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;fit-content()&#39; in that specification.</small>]29939 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Defines the function when used as a track size. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>




[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd></dl>







