---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-webkit-animation-timing-function
---





The`**animation-timing-function**`[CSS]28421 "CSS")property specifies how a CSS animation should progress over the duration of each cycle.


```
/* Keyword values */
animation-timing-function: ease;
animation-timing-function: ease-in;
animation-timing-function: ease-out;
animation-timing-function: ease-in-out;
animation-timing-function: linear;
animation-timing-function: step-start;
animation-timing-function: step-end;

/* Function values */
animation-timing-function: cubic-bezier(0.1, 0.7, 1.0, 0.1);
animation-timing-function: steps(4, end);
animation-timing-function: frames(10);

/* Multiple animations */
animation-timing-function: ease, step-start, cubic-bezier(0.1, 0.7, 1.0, 0.1);

/* Global values */
animation-timing-function: inherit;
animation-timing-function: initial;
animation-timing-function: unset;
```


It is often convenient to use the shorthand property[`animation`]22649 "The animation CSS property is a shorthand property for the various animation properties: animation-name, animation-duration, animation-timing-function, animation-delay, animation-iteration-count, animation-direction, animation-fill-mode, and animation-play-state.")to set all animation properties at once.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `ease` 
Applies to | all elements,[`::before`]33493 "In CSS, ::before creates a pseudo-element that is the first child of the selected element. It is often used to add cosmetic content to an element with the content property.")and[`::after`]33492 "In CSS, ::after creates a pseudo-element that is the last child of the selected element. It is often used to add cosmetic content to an element with the content property.")[pseudo-elements]3563 "") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


Timing functions may be specified on individual keyframes in a[@keyframes]4482 "")rule. If no`**animation-timing-function**`is specified on a keyframe, the corresponding value of`**animation-timing-function**`from the element to which the animation is applied is used for that keyframe.



A keyframe&#39;s timing function is applied on a property-by-property basis from the keyframe on which it is specified until the next keyframe specifying that property, or until the end of the animation if there is no subsequent keyframe specifying that property. As a result, an`**animation-timing-function**`specified on the`**100%**`or`**to**`keyframe will never be used.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<timing-function>`]29334 "The <single-transition-timing-function> CSS data type denotes a mathematical function that describes how fast one-dimensional values change during transitions or animations. This lets you establish an acceleration curve, so that the speed of the animation can vary over its duration. These functions are often called easing functions.")</dt><dd>The timing function that corresponds to a given animation, as determined by[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.").</dd></dl>

**Note**: When you specify multiple comma-separated values on an`animation-*`property, they will be assigned to the animations specified in the[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.")property in different ways depending on how many there are. For more information, see[Setting multiple animation property values](%28512#Setting_multiple_animation_property_values "").



### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<single-timing-function>#where <single-timing-function> = linear | <cubic-bezier-timing-function> | <step-timing-function> | <frames-timing-function>where <cubic-bezier-timing-function> = ease | ease-in | ease-out | ease-in-out | cubic-bezier(<number>, <number>, <number>, <number>)<step-timing-function> = step-start | step-end | steps(<integer>[, [ start | end ] ]?)<frames-timing-function> = frames(<integer>)
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


See[CSS animations]28512 "en-US/docs/CSS/CSS_animations")for examples.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;animation-timing-function&#39; in that specification.</small>]28536 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using CSS animations]28512 "CSS developer guide about CSS animations")
* JavaScript[`AnimationEvent`]14106 "The AnimationEvent interface represents events providing information related to animations.")API



