---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-webkit-animation-delay
---





The**`animation-delay`**[CSS]28421 "CSS")property specifies when an animation should start. You can begin the animation at a future point in time, immediately and from its beginning, or immediately and partway through the animation cycle.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/animation-delay.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


It is often convenient to use the shorthand property[`animation`]22649 "The animation CSS property is a shorthand property for the various animation properties: animation-name, animation-duration, animation-timing-function, animation-delay, animation-iteration-count, animation-direction, animation-fill-mode, and animation-play-state.")to set all animation properties at once.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Single animation */
animation-delay: 3s;
animation-delay: 0s;
animation-delay: -1500ms;

/* Multiple animations */
animation-delay: 2.1s, 480ms;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`[`<time>`]4566 "The <time> CSS data type represents a time value expressed in seconds or milliseconds. It is used in animation, transition, and related properties.")`</dt><dd>The time offset, from the moment at which the animation is applied to the element, at which the animation should begin. This may be specified in either seconds (`s`) or milliseconds (`ms`). The unit is required.</dd><dd>A positive value indicates that the animation should begin after the specified amount of time has elapsed. A value of`0s`, which is the default, indicates that the animation should begin as soon as it&#39;s applied.</dd><dd>

A negative value causes the animation to begin immediately, but partway through its cycle. For example, if you specify`-1s`as the animation delay time, the animation will begin immediately but will start 1 second into the animation sequence. If you specify a negative value for the animation delay, but the starting value is implicit, the starting value is taken from the moment the animation is applied to the element.

</dd></dl>

**Note**: When you specify multiple comma-separated values on an`animation-*`property, they will be assigned to the animations specified in the[`animation-name`]4499 "The animation-name CSS property specifies one or more animations that should be applied to an element. Each name indicates an @keyframes at-rule that defines the property values for the animation sequence.")property in different ways depending on how many there are. For more information, see[Setting multiple animation property values](%28512#Setting_multiple_animation_property_values "").



### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<time>#

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


See[CSS animations]28468 "CSS/CSS_animations")for examples.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;animation-delay&#39; in that specification.</small>]28478 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `0s` 
Applies to | all elements,[`::before`]33493 "In CSS, ::before creates a pseudo-element that is the first child of the selected element. It is often used to add cosmetic content to an element with the content property.")and[`::after`]33492 "In CSS, ::after creates a pseudo-element that is the last child of the selected element. It is often used to add cosmetic content to an element with the content property.")[pseudo-elements]3563 "") 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using CSS animations]28470 "Tutorial about CSS animations")
* JavaScript[`AnimationEvent`]14106 "The AnimationEvent interface represents events providing information related to animations.")API



