---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/WebAssembly/Module/customSections
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46644 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]46645 "")版。</bdi>






The**`WebAssembly.customSections()`**function returns a copy of the contents of all custom sections in the given module with the given string name.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var custSec = WebAssembly.Module.customSections(module, sectionName);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>*module*</dt><dd>The[`WebAssembly.Module`]42784 "All Module instances inherit from the Module() constructor's prototype object — this can be modified to affect all Module instances.")object whose custom sections are being considered.</dd><dt id=''>*sectionName*</dt><dd>The string name of the desired custom section.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A (possibly empty) array containing[`ArrayBuffer`]14256 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")copies of the contents of all custom sections matching`sectionName`.


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>


If`module`is not a[`WebAssembly.Module`]42784 "All Module instances inherit from the Module() constructor's prototype object — this can be modified to affect all Module instances.")object instance, a[`TypeError`]22498 "The TypeError object represents an error when a value is not of the expected type.")is thrown.


## Custom sections<a name="Custom_sections"></a>


A wasm module is comprised of a sequence of**sections**. Most of these sections are fully specified and validated by the wasm spec, but modules can also contain**custom sections**that are ignored and skipped over during validation. (Read[High level structure]46646 "")for information on section structures, and how normal sections (&quot;known sections&quot;) and custom sections are distinguished.)



This provides developers with a way to include custom data inside wasm modules for other purposes, for example the[name custom section]46647 ""), which allows developers to provide names for all the functions and locals in the module (like &quot;symbols&quot; in a native build).



Note that the WebAssembly text format currently doesn&#39;t have a syntax specified for adding new custom sections; you can however add a name section to your wasm during conversion from text format over to .wasm. The wast2wasm command available as part of the[wabt tool]46648 "")has a`--debug-names`option — specify this during conversion to get a .wasm with a names custom section, for example:


```
wast2wasm simple-name-section.was -o simple-name-section.wasm --debug-names
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following example (see the custom-section.html[source]46649 "")and[live example]46650 "")) compiles the loaded simple-name-section.wasm byte code.



We then do a check using`WebAssembly.Module.customSections`, looking to see whether the module instance contains a &quot;name&quot; custom section by checking that its`length`is more than 0. Since there is a &quot;name&quot; section in the example, an`ArrayBuffer`object is returned.


```
WebAssembly.compileStreaming(fetch('simple-name-section.wasm'))
.then(function(mod) {
  var nameSections = WebAssembly.Module.customSections(mod, "name");
  if (nameSections.length != 0) {
    console.log("Module contains a name section");
    console.log(nameSections[0]);
  };
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[WebAssembly JavaScript Interface<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;customSections()&#39; in that specification.</small>]46651 "") | Working Draft | Initial draft definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>16 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [WebAssembly]21620 "")overview page
* [WebAssembly concepts]42803 "")
* [Using the WebAssembly JavaScript API]42804 "")



