---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/NumberFormat/prototype
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45794 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]44273 "")版。</bdi>






The**`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype`**property represents the prototype object for the[`Intl.NumberFormat`]40838 "The Intl.NumberFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive number formatting.")constructor.


Property attributes of`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype` 
 ---  | 
Writable | no 
Enumerable | no 
Configurable | no 



## Description<a name="Description"></a>


See[`NumberFormat`]40838 "The Intl.NumberFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive number formatting.")for a description of`Intl.NumberFormat`instances.



[`Intl.NumberFormat`]40838 "The Intl.NumberFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive number formatting.")instances inherit from`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype`. Modifications to the prototype object are inherited by all[`Intl.NumberFormat`]40838 "The Intl.NumberFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive number formatting.")instances.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>A reference to`Intl.NumberFormat`.</dd><dt id=''>[`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.format`]42125 "The Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.format property returns a getter function that formats a number according to the locale and formatting options of this NumberFormat object.")</dt><dd>Getter; returns a function that formats a number according to the locale and formatting options of this[`NumberFormat`]40838 "The Intl.NumberFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive number formatting.")object.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.formatToParts()`]42126 "The Intl.Numberformat.prototype.formatToParts() method allows locale-aware formatting of strings produced by NumberTimeFormat formatters.")</dt><dd>Returns an[`Array`]4240 "The JavaScript Array object is a global object that is used in the construction of arrays; which are high-level, list-like objects.")of objects representing the number string in parts that can be used for custom locale-aware formatting.</dd><dt id=''>[`Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.resolvedOptions()`]42127 "The Intl.NumberFormat.prototype.resolvedOptions() method returns a new object with properties reflecting the locale and number formatting options computed during initialization of this NumberFormat object.")</dt><dd>Returns a new object with properties reflecting the locale and collation options computed during initialization of the object.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 1.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.NumberFormat.prototype&#39; in that specification.</small>]45795 "") | Standard | Initial definition. 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 2.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.NumberFormat.prototype&#39; in that specification.</small>]45796 "") | Standard |  
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 4.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.NumberFormat.prototype&#39; in that specification.</small>]45797 "") | Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Intl.NumberFormat`]40838 "The Intl.NumberFormat object is a constructor for objects that enable language sensitive number formatting.")



