---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:-moz-full-screen-ancestor
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%36822 "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.





The**`:-moz-full-screen-ancestor`**[CSS](%427 "")[pseudo-class](%29702 "")is a[Mozilla extension](%28318 "")that represents all ancestors of the full-screen element, except containing frames in parent documents, which are the full-screen element in their own documents. However, those elements&#39; ancestors have this pseudo-class applied to them.



This pseudo-class was removed in Firefox 50.



## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | ? | [10.0](%4097 "Released on 2012-01-31.")(10.0)[-moz](%4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-moz' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>Removed in[50](%6835 "Released on 2016-11-08.")(50) | ? | ? | ? 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using full-screen mode](%24631 "")
* [`element.mozRequestFullScreen()`](%34861 "{{ APIRef }}")
* [`document.mozCancelFullScreen()`](%34862 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`document.mozFullScreen`](%34863 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`document.mozFullScreenElement`](%34864 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* [`document.mozFullScreenEnabled`](%34865 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")
* `[mozallowfullscreen](%34866 "")`
* [`:-moz-full-screen`](%33045 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")



