---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]20835 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]20837 "")版。</bdi>






The**WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat**interface is part of the[WebGL API]9901 "")and represents the information returned by calling the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getShaderPrecisionFormat()`]20840 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getShaderPrecisionFormat() method of the WebGL API returns a new WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat object describing the range and precision for the specified shader numeric format.")method.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat.rangeMin`]20843 "The read-only WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat.rangeMin property returns the base 2 log of the absolute value of the minimum value that can be represented.")</dt><dd>The base 2 log of the absolute value of the minimum value that can be represented.</dd><dt id=''>[`WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat.rangeMax`]20844 "The read-only WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat.rangeMax property returns the base 2 log of the absolute value of the maximum value that can be represented.")</dt><dd>The base 2 log of the absolute value of the maximum value that can be represented.</dd><dt id=''>[`WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat.precision`]20846 "The read-only WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat.precision property returns the number of bits of precision that can be represented.")</dt><dd>The number of bits of precision that can be represented. For integer formats this value is always 0.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


A`WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat`object is returned by the[`WebGLRenderingContext.getShaderPrecisionFormat()`]20840 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getShaderPrecisionFormat() method of the WebGL API returns a new WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat object describing the range and precision for the specified shader numeric format.")method.


```
var canvas = document.getElementById('canvas'); 
var gl = canvas.getContext('webgl');
gl.getShaderPrecisionFormat(gl.VERTEX_SHADER, gl.MEDIUM_FLOAT);
// WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat { rangeMin: 127, rangeMax: 127, precision: 23 }
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebGL 1.0<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat&#39; in that specification.</small>]20851 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
Available in workers<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`rangeMin`]20869 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`rangeMax`]20874 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`precision`]20880 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext.getShaderPrecisionFormat()`]20840 "The WebGLRenderingContext.getShaderPrecisionFormat() method of the WebGL API returns a new WebGLShaderPrecisionFormat object describing the range and precision for the specified shader numeric format.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Oct 12, 2017, 2:08:24 AM</time>


