---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]21020 "")。






**WebSockets**是一个可以创建和服务器间进行双向会话的高级技术。通过这个API你可以向服务器发送消息并接受基于事件驱动的响应，这样就不用向服务器轮询获取数据了。


## 接口<a name="接口"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`WebSocket`]4934 "en/WebSockets/WebSockets reference/WebSocket")</dt><dd>用于连接WebSocket服务器的主要接口，之后可以在这个连接上发送 和接受数据。</dd><dt id=''>`[CloseEvent]21021 "en/WebSockets/WebSockets reference/CloseEvent")`</dt><dd>当连接关闭的时候WebSocket对象触发的事件。</dd><dt id=''>[`MessageEvent`]4340 "en/WebSockets/WebSockets reference/MessageEvent")</dt><dd>当从服务器获取到消息的时候WebSocket对象触发的事件。</dd></dl>
## 工具<a name="Tools"></a>

* [HumbleNet]21022 ""): A cross-platform networking library that works in the browser. It consists of a C wrapper around WebSockets and WebRTC that abstracts away cross-browser differences, facilitating the creation of multi-user networking functionality for games and other apps.
* [µWebSockets]21023 ""): Highly scalable WebSocket server and client implementation for[C++11]21024 "")and[Node.js]21025 "http://nodejs.org/").
* [Socket.IO]21026 "http://socket.io/"): A long polling/WebSocket based third party transfer protocol for[Node.js]21025 "http://nodejs.org/").
* [SocketCluster]21027 ""): A pub/sub WebSocket framework for[Node.js]21025 "http://nodejs.org/")with a focus on scalability.
* [WebSocket-Node]21028 "https://github.com/Worlize/WebSocket-Node"): A WebSocket server API implementation for[Node.js]21025 "http://nodejs.org/").
* [Total.js]21029 ""): Web application framework for[Node.js]21030 "")(Example:[WebSocket chat]21031 ""))
* [Faye]21032 ""): A[WebSocket]15151 "")(two-ways connections) and[EventSource]21033 "")(one-way connections) for[Node.js]21025 "http://nodejs.org/")Server and Client.
* [SignalR]21034 ""): SignalR will use WebSockets under the covers when it&#39;s available, and gracefully fallback to other techniques and technologies when it isn&#39;t, while your application code stays the same.
* [Caddy]21035 ""): A web server capable of proxying arbitrary commands (stdin/stdout) as a websocket.
* [ws]21036 ""): a popular WebSocket client &amp; server library for[Node.js]21037 "").
* [jsonrpc-bidirectional]21038 ""): Easy to use asynchronous RPC library with bidirectional calls support over a single WebSocket or RTCDataChannel (WebRTC) connection. The TCP/SCTP/etc. client and server may each host its own JSONRPC.Server endpoint at the same time.

## 相关话题<a name="Related_Topics"></a>

* [AJAX]21039 "AJAX")
* [JavaScript]21040 "JavaScript")

## 参见<a name="参见"></a>

* [RFC 6455 — The WebSocket Protocol]21041 "")
* [WebSocket API Specification]21042 "")
* [Server-Sent Events]21043 "Server-sent_events")

## 浏览器兼容性<a name="浏览器兼容性"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Version -76 support<i></i> | 6 | 未实现 | [4.0]3678 "Released on 2011-03-22.")(2.0) | 未实现 | 11.00 (disabled) | 5.0.1 
Protocol version 7 support<i></i> | 未实现 | 未实现 | [6.0]3569 "Released on 2011-08-16.")(6.0)<br></br>[Moz]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'Moz' as this browser considers it experimental") | 未实现 | 未实现 | 未实现 
Protocol version 10 support<i></i> | 14 | 未实现 | [7.0]5772 "Released on 2011-09-26.")(7.0)<br></br>[Moz]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'Moz' as this browser considers it experimental") | HTML5 Labs | ? | ? 
Standard - RFC 6455 Support | 16 | (Yes) | [11.0]10310 "Released on 2012-03-13.")(11.0) | 10 | 12.10 | 6.0 
Usable in Workers | (Yes) | (Yes) | [37.0]4034 "Released on 2015-04-07.")(37.0) | ? | ? | ? 




### Gecko notes<a name="Gecko_notes"></a>


WebSockets support in Firefox is continuing to track the evolving WebSocket specification. Firefox 6 implements version 7 of the underlying protocol, while Firefox 7 implements version 8 (as specified by IETF draft 10). Firefox mobile received WebSocket support in Firefox mobile 7.0.


#### Gecko 6.0<a name="Gecko_6.0"></a>


Prior to Gecko 6.0 (Firefox 6.0 / Thunderbird 6.0 / SeaMonkey 2.3), there was, incorrectly, a`WebSocket`object that some sites were thinking implied that`WebSocket`services were not prefixed; this object has been renamed to`MozWebSocket`.


#### Gecko 7.0<a name="Gecko_7.0"></a>


Starting in Gecko 7.0 (Firefox 7.0 / Thunderbird 7.0 / SeaMonkey 2.4), the`network.websocket.max-connections`preference is used to determine the maximum number of WebSocket connections that can be open at a time. The default value is 200.


#### Gecko 8.0<a name="Gecko_8.0"></a>


Starting in Gecko 8.0 (Firefox 8.0 / Thunderbird 8.0 / SeaMonkey 2.5), the deflate-stream extension to the WebSocket protocol has been disabled, since it&#39;s been deprecated from the specification drafts. This resolves incompatibilities with some sites.


#### Gecko 11.0<a name="Gecko_11.0"></a>


Prior to Gecko 11.0, both incoming and outgoing messages were limited to 16 MB in size. They may now be up to 2 GB in size. Note, however, that memory limitations (especially on mobile devices) make that a theoretical maximum, not a practical one. In reality, transfers of that size will fail on devices that don&#39;t have enough memory.



另外，利用 ArrayBuffer 对发送和接收二进制数据的支持已经实现。



从Gecko 11.0 开始，WebSocket API 不再使用前缀。




## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[RainSlide]21062 ""),[wodewone]21063 ""),[luojia]404 "")
**最后编辑者:**[RainSlide]21062 ""),<time>Jun 2, 2018, 4:48:40 PM</time>


