---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WorkerNavigator
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]21545 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]15543 "")版。</bdi>






The`**WorkerNavigator**`interface represents a subset of the[`Navigator`]15539 "The Navigator interface represents the state and the identity of the user agent. It allows scripts to query it and to register themselves to carry on some activities.")interface allowed to be accessed from a[`Worker`]4847 "The Worker interface of the Web Workers API represents a background task that can be easily created and can send messages back to its creator. Creating a worker is as simple as calling the Worker() constructor and specifying a script to be run in the worker thread."). Such an object is initialized for each worker and is available via the[`WorkerGlobalScope.navigator`]21546 "The navigator read-only property of the WorkerGlobalScope interface returns the WorkerNavigator associated with the worker. It is a specific navigator object, mostly a subset of the Navigator for browsing scopes, but adapted to workers.")property obtained by calling`window.self.navigator`.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>The`WorkerNavigator`</em><em>interface implements properties from the[`NavigatorID`]21547 "The NavigatorID interface contains methods and properties related to the identity of the browser."),[`NavigatorLanguage`]21548 "NavigatorLanguage contains methods and properties related to the language of the navigator."),[`NavigatorOnLine`]21549 "The NavigatorOnLine interface contains methods and properties related to the connectivity status of the browser."),[`NavigatorDataStore`]21550 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), and[`NavigatorConcurrentHardware`]15538 "The NavigatorConcurrentHardware mixin adds to the Navigator interface features which allow Web content to determine how many logical processors the user has available, in order to let content and Web apps optimize their operations to best take advantage of the user's CPU.")interfaces.</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`WorkerNavigator.connection`]21551 "The Navigator.connection read-only property returns a NetworkInformation object containing information about the system's connection, such as the current bandwidth of the user's device or whether the connection is metered. This could be used to select high definition content or low definition content based on the user's connection.")Read only</dt><dd>Provides a[`NetworkInformation`]21552 "The NetworkInformation interface provides information about the connection a device is using to communicate with the network and provides a means for scripts to be notified if the connection type changes. The NetworkInformation interfaces cannot be instantiated. It is instead accessed through the connection property of the Navigator interface.")object containing information about the network connection of a device.</dd><dt id=''>[`WorkerNavigator.permissions`]21553 "The WorkerNavigator.permissions read-only property returns a Permissions object that can be used to query and update permission status of APIs covered by the Permissions API.")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>Returns a[`Permissions`]16297 "")object that can be used to query and update permission status of APIs covered by the[Permissions API]21555 "").</dd><dt id=''>[`Navigator.storage`]15567 "The NavigatorStorage.storage read-only property returns the singleton StorageManager object used to access the overall storage capabilities of the browser for the current site or app. The returned object lets you examine and configure persistence of data stores and learn approximately how much more space your browser has available for local storage use.")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>Returns a[`StorageManager`]15568 "The StorageManager interface of the the Storage API provides an interface for managing persistance permissions and estimating available storage. You can get a reference to this interface using either navigator.storage or WorkerNavigator.storage.")interface for managing persistance permissions and estimating available storage.</dd></dl>
### Inherited properties<a name="Inherited_properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`NavigatorID.appCodeName`]21558 "The NavigatorID.appCodeName always returns 'Mozilla', on any browser. This property is kept only for compatibility purposes.")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>Always returns`'Mozilla'`, in any browser. This property is kept only for compatibility purposes.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorID.appName`]21559 "The NavigatorID.appName property returns the name of the browser. The HTML5 specification also allows any browser to return "Netscape" here, for compatibility reasons.")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>Returns the official name of the browser. Do not rely on this property to return the correct value.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorID.appVersion`]21561 "Returns the version of the browser as a string. It may be either a plain version number, like "5.0", or a version number followed by more detailed information. The HTML5 specification also allows any browser to return "4.0", for compatibility reasons.")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>Returns the version of the browser as a string. Do not rely on this property to return the correct value.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorConcurrentHardware.hardwareConcurrency`]15540 "The navigator.hardwareConcurrency read-only property returns the number of logical processors available to run threads on the user's computer.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the number of logical processor cores available.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorLanguage.language`]21565 "The NavigatorLanguage.language read-only property returns a string representing the preferred language of the user, usually the language of the browser UI.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")representing the language version of the browser. The`null`value is returned when this is unknown.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorLanguage.languages`]21568 "The NavigatorLanguage.languages read-only property returns an array of DOMStrings representing the user's preferred languages. The language is described using BCP 47 language tags. In the returned array they are ordered by preference with the most preferred language first.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns an array of[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")s representing the languages known to the user, in order of preference.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorOnLine.onLine`]21570 "Returns the online status of the browser. The property returns a boolean value, with true meaning online and false meaning offline. The property sends updates whenever the browser's ability to connect to the network changes. The update occurs when the user follows links or when a script requests a remote page. For example, the property should return false when users click links soon after they lose internet connection.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")indicating whether the browser is online.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorID.platform`]21572 "Returns a string representing the platform of the browser. The specification allows browsers to always return the empty string, so don't rely on this property to get a reliable answer.")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>Returns a string representing the platform of the browser. Do not rely on this property to return the correct value.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorID.product`]21575 "The NavigatorID.product property returns the product name of the current browser.")Read only<i></i></dt><dd>Always returns`'Gecko'`, on any browser. This property is kept only for compatibility purposes.</dd><dt id=''>[`NavigatorID.userAgent`]21577 "The NavigatorID.userAgent read-only property returns the user agent string for the current browser.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the user agent string for the current browser.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>The`WorkerNavigator`</em><em>interface implements methods from the[`NavigatorID`]21547 "The NavigatorID interface contains methods and properties related to the identity of the browser."),[`NavigatorLanguage`]21548 "NavigatorLanguage contains methods and properties related to the language of the navigator.")and[`NavigatorOnLine`]21549 "The NavigatorOnLine interface contains methods and properties related to the connectivity status of the browser.")interfaces.</em>

<dl><dt id=''>[`WorkerNavigator.sendBeacon()`]21580 "The NavigatorWorker.sendBeacon() method can be used to asynchronously transfer a small amount of data over HTTP from a worker to a web server. This is functionally equivalent to the Navigator.sendBeacon() method; see that article for additional details on what this method can be used for and why.")<i></i></dt><dd>Used to asynchronously transfer a small amount of data using[HTTP]21581 "HTTP: The HyperText Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is the underlying network protocol that enables transfer of hypermedia documents on the Web, typically between a browser and a server so that humans can read them. The current version of the HTTP specification is called HTTP/2.")from a[`Worker`]4847 "The Worker interface of the Web Workers API represents a background task that can be easily created and can send messages back to its creator. Creating a worker is as simple as calling the Worker() constructor and specifying a script to be run in the worker thread.")to a web server.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WorkerNavigator&#39; in that specification.</small>]21584 "") | Living Standard |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.5 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`connection`]21586 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>61 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>53 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`permissions`]21589 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>46 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>30 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`sendBeacon`]21596 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>39 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
[`serviceWorker`]21603 "") | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Other Worker-related interfaces:[`Worker`]4847 "The Worker interface of the Web Workers API represents a background task that can be easily created and can send messages back to its creator. Creating a worker is as simple as calling the Worker() constructor and specifying a script to be run in the worker thread."),[`WorkerLocation`]19270 "The WorkerLocation interface defines the absolute location of the script executed by the Worker. Such an object is initialized for each worker and is available via the WorkerGlobalScope.location property obtained by calling self.location."), and[`WorkerGlobalScope`]4856 "The WorkerGlobalScope interface of the Web Workers API is an interface representing the scope of any worker. Workers have no browsing context; this scope contains the information usually conveyed by Window objects — in this case event handlers, the console or the associated WorkerNavigator object. Each WorkerGlobalScope has its own event loop.").
* [Using web workers.]4706 "/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/Performance/Using_web_workers")
<dl><dt id=''></dt></dl>


## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Workers]3395 "")
* [WorkerNavigator]15550 "")
* [Workers]4862 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[AFBarstow]6896 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 9:38:47 AM</time>


