---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Worklet
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]21616 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]21617 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3318#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`Worklet`**interface is a lightweight version of[`Web Workers`]4847 "The Worker interface of the Web Workers API represents a background task that can be easily created and can send messages back to its creator. Creating a worker is as simple as calling the Worker() constructor and specifying a script to be run in the worker thread.")and gives developers access to low-level parts of the rendering pipeline.With Worklets, you can run JavaScript and[WebAssembly]21620 "")code to do graphics rendering or audio processing where high performance is required.


## Worklet types<a name="Worklet_types"></a>


Worklets are restricted to specific use cases; they cannot be used for arbitrary computations like Web Workers. The`Worklet`interface abstracts properties and methods common to all kind of worklets, and cannot be created directly. Instead, you can use one of the following classes:

Name | Description | Location | Specification 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[`PaintWorklet`]21621 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!") | for defining how custom CSS properties are being rendered | main thread | [CSS Painting API]21622 "") 
[`AudioWorklet`]21623 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!") | for audio processing with custom AudioNodes | Web Audio render thread | [Web Audio API]21624 "") 
[`AnimationWorklet`]21625 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!") | for creating scroll-linked and other high performance procedural animations | Compositor thread | [CSS Animation Worklet API]21626 "") 
[`LayoutWorklet`]21627 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!") | for defining the positioning and dimensions of custom elements |  | [CSS Layout API]21628 "") 



For 3D rendering with[WebGL]9901 ""), you don&#39;t use Worklets. Instead, you write Vertex Shaders and Fragment Shaders using GLSL code, and those shaders will then run on the graphics card.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>The Worklet interface does not define any properties.</em>


## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Worklet.addModule()`]21630 "The addModule() method from the Worklet interface loads the module in the given JavaScript file and adds it to the current Worklet.")<i></i></dt><dd>Adds the script module at the given URL to the current worklet.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Worklets Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Worklet&#39; in that specification.</small>]21632 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


No compatibility data found. Please contribute data for &quot;api.Worklet&quot; (depth: 1) to the[MDN compatibility data repository]3344 "").



## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Houdini: Demystifying CSS]21633 "")on Google Developers (May 2016)
* [AudioWorklet :: What, Why, and How]21634 "")on YouTube (November 2017)
* [Enter AudioWorklet]21635 "")on Google Developers (December 2017)
* [Animation Worklet - HTTP203 Advent]21636 "")on YouTube (December 2017)



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Worklet]21637 "")
* [Worklets]21638 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Jedipedia]4038 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Jedipedia]4038 ""),<time>Dec 15, 2017, 5:28:51 PM</time>


