---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WritableStreamDefaultController
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]21698 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]21699 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]21700 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`WritableStreamDefaultController`**interface of the the[Streams API]4392 "")represents a controller allowing control of a[`WritableStream`]21645 "The WritableStream interface of the the Streams API provides a standard abstraction for writing streaming data to a destination, known as a sink. This object comes with build-in backpressure and queuing.")&#39;s state. When constructing a`WritableStream`, the underlying sink is given a corresponding`WritableStreamDefaultController`instance to manipulate.


## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`WritableStreamDefaultController()`]21701 "The WritableStreamDefaultController() constructor creates and returns a WritableStreamDefaultController() object instance.")</dt><dd>Creates a new`WritableStreamDefaultController`object instance.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dd>None.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`WritableStreamDefaultController.error()`]21702 "The error() method of the WritableStreamDefaultController interface causes any future interactions with the associated stream to error.")</dt><dd>Causes any future interactions with the associated stream to error.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
const writableStream = new WritableStream({
  start(controller) {
    // do stuff with controller

    // error stream if necessary
    controller.error('My error is broken');
  },
  write(chunk, controller) {
    ...
  },
  close(controller) {
    ...
  },
  abort(err) {
    ...
  }
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Streams<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;WritableStreamDefaultController&#39; in that specification.</small>]21705 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 58 | (Yes) | No support | ? | 45 | ? 







## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Fetch]4322 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Streams]4399 "")
* [WritableStreamDefaultController]21712 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[abbycar]15784 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Oct 24, 2017, 10:35:49 AM</time>


