---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/GLint
---






The following types are used in[WebGL]9901 "")interfaces.


## WebGL 1<a name="WebGL_1"></a>


These types are used within a[`WebGLRenderingContext`]9905 "The WebGLRenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 2.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.").

Type | Web IDL type | Description 
`GLenum` | `unsigned long` | Used for enums. See also the list of[constants]20235 ""). 
`GLboolean` | `boolean` | A[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value."). 
`GLbitfield` | `unsigned long` | A bit field that stores multiple, logical bits. Used for example in[`WebGLRenderingContext.clear()`]20767 "The WebGLRenderingContext.clear() method of the WebGL API clears buffers to preset values."). 
`GLbyte` | `byte` | 8-bit twos complement signed integer. 
`GLshort` | `short` | 16-bit twos complement signed integer. 
`GLint` | `long` | 32-bit twos complement signed integer. 
`GLsizei` | `long` | Used for sizes (e.g. width and height of the drawing buffer). 
`GLintptr` | `long long` | Special type for pointer arithmetic. 
`GLsizeiptr` | `long long` | Special type for pointer arithmetic. 
`GLubyte` | `octet` | 8-bit twos complement unsigned integer. 
`GLushort` | `unsigned short` | 16-bit twos complement unsigned integer. 
`GLuint` | `unsigned long` | 32-bit twos complement unsigned integer. 
`GLfloat` | `unrestricted float` | 32-bit IEEE floating point number. 
`GLclampf` | `unrestricted float` | Clamped 32-bit IEEE floating point number. 


## WebGL 2<a name="WebGL_2"></a>


These types are used within a[`WebGL2RenderingContext`]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."). All WebGL 1 types are used as well.

Type | Web IDL type | Description 
`GLint64` | `long long` | Signed 64-bit integer number. 


## WebGL extensions<a name="WebGL_extensions"></a>


These types are used within[WebGL extensions]9903 "").

Type | Web IDL type | Description 
`GLuint64EXT` | `long long` | Unsigned 64-bit integer number. 


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebGL 1.0<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Types&#39; in that specification.</small>]22197 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition 
[WebGL 2.0<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Types&#39; in that specification.</small>]22198 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Defines additional types. 
[EXT_disjoint_timer_query<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;GLuint64EXT&#39; in that specification.</small>]9989 "") | Working Draft | Adds`GLuint64EXT` 


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`WebGLRenderingContext`]9905 "The WebGLRenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 2.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element.")



## Document Tags and Contributors
**Tags:**
* [Reference]22199 "")
* [Types]22200 "")
* [WebGL]22201 "")

**Contributors to this page:**[fscholz]22202 ""),[Sebastianz]22203 "")
**Last updated by:**[fscholz]22202 ""),<time>Jun 8, 2017, 4:56:43 AM</time>


