---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ANGLE_instanced_arrays/drawArraysInstancedANGLE
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22204 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14051 "")版。</bdi>






The`**ANGLE_instanced_arrays.drawArraysInstancedANGLE()**`method of the[WebGL API]9901 "")renders primitives from array data like the[`gl.drawArrays()`]14052 "The WebGLRenderingContext.drawArrays() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data.")method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of the range of elements.



**Note:**When using[`WebGL2`]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), this method is available as[`gl.drawArraysInstanced()`]22012 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.drawArraysInstanced() method of the WebGL 2 API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawArrays() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of the range of elements.")by default.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
void ext.drawArraysInstancedANGLE(mode, first, count, primcount);

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`mode`</dt><dd>A[`GLenum`]20137 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the type primitive to render. Possible values are:
* `gl.POINTS`: Draws a single dot.
* `gl.LINE_STRIP`: Draws a straight line to the next vertex.
* `gl.LINE_LOOP`: Draws a straight line to the next vertex, and connects the last vertex back to the first.
* `gl.LINES`: Draws a line between a pair of vertices.
* `[gl.TRIANGLE_STRIP]22205 "")`
* `[gl.TRIANGLE_FAN]22206 "")`
* `gl.TRIANGLES`: Draws a triangle for a group of three vertices.
</dd><dt id=''>first</dt><dd>A[`GLint`]9969 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the starting index in the array of vector points.</dd><dt id=''>count</dt><dd>A[`GLsizei`]22207 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the number of indices to be rendered.</dd><dt id=''>primcount</dt><dd>A[`GLsizei`]22207 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the number of instances of the range of elements to execute.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


None.


### Exceptions<a name="Exceptions"></a>

* If`mode`is not one of the accepted values, a`gl.INVALID_ENUM`error is thrown.
* If`first`,`count`or`primcount`are negative, a`gl.INVALID_VALUE`error is thrown.
* if`gl.CURRENT_PROGRAM`is[`null`]6598 "The value null represents the intentional absence of any object value. It is one of JavaScript's primitive values."), a`gl.INVALID_OPERATION`error is thrown.

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('ANGLE_instanced_arrays');
ext.drawArraysInstancedANGLE(gl.POINTS, 0, 8, 4);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[ANGLE_instanced_arrays<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ANGLE_instanced_arrays&#39; in that specification.</small>]3343 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`ext.drawElementsInstancedANGLE()`]14053 "The ANGLE_instanced_arrays.drawElementsInstancedANGLE() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawElements() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of a set of elements.")
* [`ext.vertexAttribDivisorANGLE()`]14055 "The ANGLE_instanced_arrays.vertexAttribDivisorANGLE() method of the WebGL API  modifies the rate at which generic vertex attributes advance when rendering multiple instances of primitives with ext.drawArraysInstancedANGLE() and ext.drawElementsInstancedANGLE().")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.drawArrays()`]14052 "The WebGLRenderingContext.drawArrays() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.drawElements()`]14054 "The WebGLRenderingContext.drawElements() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data.")
* [`WebGL2RenderingContext.drawArraysInstanced()`]22012 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.drawArraysInstanced() method of the WebGL 2 API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawArrays() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of the range of elements.")
* [`WebGL2RenderingContext.drawElementsInstanced()`]22208 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.drawElementsInstanced() method of the WebGL 2 API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawElements() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of a set of elements.")
* [`WebGL2RenderingContext.vertexAttribDivisor()`]22209 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.vertexAttribDivisor() method of the WebGL 2 API modifies the rate at which generic vertex attributes advance when rendering multiple instances of primitives with gl.drawArraysInstanced() and gl.drawElementsInstanced().")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [ANGLE_instanced_arrays]22210 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 7, 2017, 12:22:35 PM</time>


