---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/ANGLE_instanced_arrays/vertexAttribDivisorANGLE
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22285 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14055 "")版。</bdi>






The**ANGLE_instanced_arrays.vertexAttribDivisorANGLE()**method of the[WebGL API]9901 "")modifies the rate at which generic vertex attributes advance when rendering multiple instances of primitives with[`ext.drawArraysInstancedANGLE()`]14051 "The ANGLE_instanced_arrays.drawArraysInstancedANGLE() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawArrays() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of the range of elements.")and[`ext.drawElementsInstancedANGLE()`]14053 "The ANGLE_instanced_arrays.drawElementsInstancedANGLE() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawElements() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of a set of elements.").



**Note:**When using[`WebGL2`]9906 "The WebGL2RenderingContext interface provides the OpenGL ES 3.0 rendering context for the drawing surface of an HTML <canvas> element."), this method is available as[`gl.vertexAttribDivisor()`]22209 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.vertexAttribDivisor() method of the WebGL 2 API modifies the rate at which generic vertex attributes advance when rendering multiple instances of primitives with gl.drawArraysInstanced() and gl.drawElementsInstanced().")by default.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
void ext.vertexAttribDivisorANGLE(index, divisor);

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`index`</dt><dd>A[`GLuint`]22153 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the index of the generic vertex attributes.</dd><dt id=''>`divisor`</dt><dd>A[`GLuint`]22153 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the number of instances that will pass between updates of the generic attribute.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


None.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
var ext = gl.getExtension('ANGLE_instanced_arrays');
ext.vertexAttribDivisorANGLE(0, 2);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[ANGLE_instanced_arrays<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;ANGLE_instanced_arrays&#39; in that specification.</small>]3343 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`ext.drawArraysInstancedANGLE()`]14051 "The ANGLE_instanced_arrays.drawArraysInstancedANGLE() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawArrays() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of the range of elements.")
* [`ext.drawElementsInstancedANGLE()`]14053 "The ANGLE_instanced_arrays.drawElementsInstancedANGLE() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawElements() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of a set of elements.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.drawArrays()`]14052 "The WebGLRenderingContext.drawArrays() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data.")
* [`WebGLRenderingContext.drawElements()`]14054 "The WebGLRenderingContext.drawElements() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data.")
* [`WebGL2RenderingContext.drawArraysInstanced()`]22012 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.drawArraysInstanced() method of the WebGL 2 API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawArrays() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of the range of elements.")
* [`WebGL2RenderingContext.drawElementsInstanced()`]22208 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.drawElementsInstanced() method of the WebGL 2 API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawElements() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of a set of elements.")
* [`WebGL2RenderingContext.vertexAttribDivisor()`]22209 "The WebGL2RenderingContext.vertexAttribDivisor() method of the WebGL 2 API modifies the rate at which generic vertex attributes advance when rendering multiple instances of primitives with gl.drawArraysInstanced() and gl.drawElementsInstanced().")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [ANGLE_instanced_arrays]22210 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL extension]9914 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 7, 2017, 12:23:24 PM</time>


