---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/WebGL2RenderingContext/drawArraysInstanced
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]22294 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]22012 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%3345#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`WebGL2RenderingContext.drawArraysInstanced()`**method of the[WebGL 2 API]9901 "")renders primitives from array data like the[`gl.drawArrays()`]14052 "The WebGLRenderingContext.drawArrays() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data.")method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of the range of elements.



**Note:**When using[WebGL 1]9905 "This example demonstrates how to detect a WebGL rendering context and reports the result to the user."), the[`ANGLE_instanced_arrays`]14050 "The ANGLE_instanced_arrays extension is part of the WebGL API and allows to draw the same object, or groups of similar objects multiple times, if they share the same vertex data, primitive count and type.")extension can provide this method, too.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
void gl.drawArraysInstanced(mode, first, count, instanceCount);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`mode`</dt><dd>A[`GLenum`]20137 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the type primitive to render. Possible values are:
* `gl.POINTS`: Draws a single dot.
* `gl.LINE_STRIP`: Draws a straight line to the next vertex.
* `gl.LINE_LOOP`: Draws a straight line to the next vertex, and connects the last vertex back to the first.
* `gl.LINES`: Draws a line between a pair of vertices.
* `[gl.TRIANGLE_STRIP]22205 "")`
* `[gl.TRIANGLE_FAN]22206 "")`
* `gl.TRIANGLES`: Draws a triangle for a group of three vertices.
</dd><dt id=''>first</dt><dd>A[`GLint`]9969 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the starting index in the array of vector points.</dd><dt id=''>count</dt><dd>A[`GLsizei`]22207 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the number of indices to be rendered.</dd><dt id=''>instanceCount</dt><dd>A[`GLsizei`]22207 "The following types are used in WebGL interfaces.")specifying the number of instances of the range of elements to execute.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


None.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
gl.drawArraysInstanced(gl.POINTS, 0, 8, 4);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebGL 2.0<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;drawArraysInstanced&#39; in that specification.</small>]22298 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition for WebGL. 
[OpenGL ES 3.0<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;glDrawArraysInstanced&#39; in that specification.</small>]22299 "") | Standard | Man page of the (similar) OpenGL API. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>58 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>43 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`ANGLE_instanced_arrays.drawArraysInstancedANGLE()`]14051 "The ANGLE_instanced_arrays.drawArraysInstancedANGLE() method of the WebGL API renders primitives from array data like the gl.drawArrays() method. In addition, it can execute multiple instances of the range of elements.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [WebGL]52 "")
* [WebGL2]9930 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 8, 2017, 4:37:07 AM</time>


