---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/@viewport
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]32561 "")。





## Summary<a name="Summary"></a>


The**`@viewport`**[CSS]28350 "CSS")[at-rule]28360 "en/CSS/At-rule")contains a set of nested descriptors in a CSS block that is delimited by curly braces. These descriptors control viewport settings, primarily on mobile devices.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


A*zoom factor*of`1.0`or`100%`corresponds to no zooming. Larger values zoom in. Smaller values zoom out.


### Descriptors<a name="Descriptors"></a>


Browsers are supposed to ignore unrecognized descriptors.

<dl><dt id=''>[`min-width`]31140 "")</dt><dd>Used in the determination of the width of the viewport when the document is first displayed.</dd><dt id=''>[`max-width`]31043 "")</dt><dd>Used in the determination of the width of the viewport when the document is first displayed.</dd><dt id=''>[`width`]32562 "")</dt><dd>A shorthand descriptor for setting both`min-width`and`max-width`</dd><dt id=''>[`min-height`]30486 "")</dt><dd>Used in the determination of the height of the viewport when the document is first displayed.</dd><dt id=''>[`max-height`]30487 "")</dt><dd>Used in the determination of the height of the viewport when the document is first displayed.</dd><dt id=''>[`height`]30485 "")</dt><dd>A shorthand descriptor for setting both`min-height`and`max-height`</dd><dt id=''>[`zoom`]32563 "")</dt><dd>Sets the initial zoom factor.</dd><dt id=''>[`min-zoom`]31146 "")</dt><dd>Sets the minimum zoom factor.</dd><dt id=''>[`max-zoom`]31049 "")</dt><dd>Sets the maximum zoom factor.</dd><dt id=''>[`user-zoom`]32521 "")</dt><dd>Controls whether or not the user should be able to change the zoom factor.</dd><dt id=''>[`orientation`]32564 "")</dt><dd>Controls the document&#39;s orientation.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
@viewport {
  <group-rule-body>
}
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
@viewport {
  min-width: 640px;
  max-width: 800px;
}
@viewport {
  zoom: 0.75;
  min-zoom: 0.5;
  max-zoom: 0.9;
}
@viewport {
  orientation: landscape;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Device Adaptation<br></br><small>@viewport</small>]32565 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 29 (behind a flag) [4] | 未实现[2] | 10[-ms]3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-ms' as this browser considers it experimental") | 11.10<br></br>Removed in 15<br></br>Reintroduced behind a flag in 16 | 未实现[3] 





[1] There is a bug in IE Mobile 10 on older versions of Windows Phone 8, where`device-width`, when used within`@-ms-viewport`, evaluates to the screen width in physical pixels rather than normalized CSS pixels, which is wrong according to the specification. However, when used within a`viewport`[`<meta>`]26137 "HTML <meta> 元素表示那些不能由其它HTML元相关元素 (<base>, <link>, <script>, <style> 或 <title>) 之一表示的任何元数据信息.")tag,`device-width`evaluates correctly. According to Microsoft, this bug was fixed in[Windows Phone 8 Update 3 (a.k.a. GDR3)]32566 ""), although there are some reports that the[Lumia Black]32567 "")GDR3 update did not fix the bug (at least on the Lumia 920). For more details and a workaround,[see Tim Kadlec&#39;s blog post &quot;Windows Phone 8 and Device-Width&quot;]32568 "").



[2]: See[bug 747754 – Implement @viewport at-rule]32569 "")



[3]: See[WebKit bug 95959]32570 "")



[4]: See[Chromium issue #235457: Enable @viewport on all platforms]32571 "")


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<meta>`]26137 "HTML <meta> 元素表示那些不能由其它HTML元相关元素 (<base>, <link>, <script>, <style> 或 <title>) 之一表示的任何元数据信息."), specifically`<meta name="viewport">`
* [Using the viewport meta tag to control layout on mobile browsers]32572 "")



