---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-limit
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-content-zoom-limit`**[CSS]427 "")shorthand property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies values for the[`-ms-content-zoom-limit-min`]33342 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum zoom factor.")and[`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`]33341 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the selected elements' maximum zoom factor.")properties.


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`]33341 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the selected elements' maximum zoom factor."):`400%`
* [`-ms-content-zoom-limit-min`]33342 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum zoom factor."):`100%` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`]33341 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the selected elements' maximum zoom factor."): The largest allowed zoom factor. A zoom factor of 100% corresponds to no zooming. Larger values zoom in. Smaller values zoom out.
* [`-ms-content-zoom-limit-min`]33342 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum zoom factor."): The smallest allowed zoom factor. A zoom factor of 100% corresponds to no zooming. Larger values zoom in. Smaller values zoom out. 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`]33341 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the selected elements' maximum zoom factor."): as specified
* [`-ms-content-zoom-limit-min`]33342 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum zoom factor."): as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`-ms-content-zoom-limit`shorthand property is specified as one or both of the following content zoom limit values, in order, separated by spaces.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`-ms-content-zoom-limit-min`</dt><dd>Value of the[`-ms-content-zoom-limit-min`]33342 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum zoom factor.")property.</dd><dt id=''>`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`</dt><dd>Value of the[`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`]33341 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the selected elements' maximum zoom factor.")property.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  <'-ms-content-zoom-limit-min'> <'-ms-content-zoom-limit-max'>

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property has no effect on non-zoomable elements. See[`-ms-content-zooming`]33339 "The -ms-content-zooming CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies whether zooming is enabled.")for details on zoomable elements.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for touchpad interaction.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




