---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-snap-type
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-content-zoom-snap-type`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies how zooming is affected by defined snap-points.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

Initial value. Indicates that zooming is unaffected by any defined snap-points. After the contact is picked up, the content will continue to move with inertia.

</dd><dt id=''>`proximity`</dt><dd>

Indicates that the motion of the content after the contact is picked up*may*be adjusted if the content would normally stop &quot;close enough&quot; to a snap-point. This implies that it is possible for the content zoom factor to end up between snap-points.

</dd><dt id=''>`mandatory`</dt><dd>

Indicates that the motion of the content after the contact is picked up is*always*adjusted so that it lands on a snap-point. The snap-point that is selected is the one that is closest to where the content zoom factor would normally stop.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  none | proximity | mandatory

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property has no effect on non-zoomable elements. See[`-ms-content-zooming`]33339 "The -ms-content-zooming CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies whether zooming is enabled.")for details on zoomable elements.



When a user pans or scrolls and then lifts his or her contact (for instance, a finger), the content can continue to move with inertia. Snap-points can change the animation that runs when the user lifts his or her finger so that you can adjust where the content will stop. By placing snap-points, you can make it easy for your users to manipulate your content and make it stop at convenient or key places.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for touchpad interaction.



This property requires Windows or later.




