---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-snap
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-content-zoom-snap`**[CSS]427 "")shorthand property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies values for the[`-ms-content-zoom-snap-type`]33345 "The -ms-content-zoom-snap-type CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies how zooming is affected by defined snap-points.")and[`-ms-content-zoom-snap-points`]33344 "The -ms-content-zoom-snap-points CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where zoom snap-points are located.")properties.


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-content-zoom-snap-type`]33345 "The -ms-content-zoom-snap-type CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies how zooming is affected by defined snap-points."):`none`
* [`-ms-content-zoom-snap-points`]33344 "The -ms-content-zoom-snap-points CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where zoom snap-points are located."):`snapInterval(0%, 100%)` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-content-zoom-snap-type`]33345 "The -ms-content-zoom-snap-type CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies how zooming is affected by defined snap-points."): as specified
* [`-ms-content-zoom-snap-points`]33344 "The -ms-content-zoom-snap-points CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where zoom snap-points are located."): as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`-ms-content-zoom-snap`shorthand property is specified as one or both of the following content zoom snap values, in order, separated by spaces.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`-ms-content-zoom-snap-type`</dt><dd>Value of the[`-ms-content-zoom-snap-type`]33345 "The -ms-content-zoom-snap-type CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies how zooming is affected by defined snap-points.")property.</dd><dt id=''>`-ms-content-zoom-snap-points`</dt><dd>Value of the[`-ms-content-zoom-snap-points`]33344 "The -ms-content-zoom-snap-points CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where zoom snap-points are located.")property.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  <'-ms-content-zoom-snap-type'> || <'-ms-content-zoom-snap-points'>

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property has no effect on non-zoomable elements. See[`-ms-content-zooming`]33339 "The -ms-content-zooming CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies whether zooming is enabled.")for details on zoomable elements.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for touchpad interaction.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




