---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-high-contrast-adjust
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-high-contrast-adjust`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that gets or sets a value indicating whether to override any CSS properties that would have been set in high contrast mode.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>

Indicates the applicable CSS properties*will*be adjusted as expected when the system is in high contrast mode.

</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

Indicates the applicable CSS properties*will not*be adjusted when the system is in high contrast mode.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  auto | none

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


The`-ms-high-contrast-adjust`property works with the[`-ms-high-contrast`]33396 "The -ms-high-contrast CSS @media media feature is a Microsoft extension that describes whether the application is being displayed in high contrast mode, and with what color variation.")media feature.




