---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-snap-points
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-content-zoom-snap-points`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies where zoom snap-points are located.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `snapInterval(0%, 100%)` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`snapInterval([`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size."),[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size."))`</dt><dd>

Specifies where the snap-points will be placed.


* The first percentage specifies where the first snap-point will be placed.
* The second percentage specifies the distance between subsequent snap-points, both zoomed in and zoomed out from the initial snap-point.
</dd><dt id=''>`snapList([`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")# )`</dt><dd>

Specifies the position of individual snap-points as a comma-separated list of percentages, each of which represents a zoom factor.


* If any value specified is less than that specified by the[`-ms-content-zoom-limit-min`]33342 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum zoom factor.")property, the value of[`-ms-content-zoom-limit-min`]33342 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum zoom factor.")is used.
* If any value specified is greater than that specified by the[`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`]33341 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the selected elements' maximum zoom factor.")property, the value of[`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`]33341 "The -ms-content-zoom-limit-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the selected elements' maximum zoom factor.")is used.
</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  snapInterval( <percentage>, <percentage> ) | snapList( <percentage># )

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


This example demonstrates both types of values for the`-ms-content-zoom-snap-points`property. In the first selector, the first snap-point is at 0%, and the interval is set to 100%. In the second selector, each snap-point is listed separately—100%, 200%, 300%, and so on.


```
  
.snappy1 {
  -ms-content-zoom-snap-points: snapInterval(0%, 100%);
  ...
}

.snappy2 {
  -ms-content-zoom-snap-points: snapList(100%, 200%, 300%, 400%, 500%);
  ...
}
  

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property has no effect on non-zoomable elements. See[`-ms-content-zooming`]33339 "The -ms-content-zooming CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies whether zooming is enabled.")for details on zoomable elements.



When a user pans or scrolls and then lifts his or her contact (for instance, a finger), the content can continue to move with inertia. Snap-points can change the animation that runs when the user lifts his or her finger so that you can adjust where the content will stop. By placing snap-points, you can make it easy for your users to manipulate your content and make it stop at convenient or key places.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for touchpad interaction.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




