---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-content-zoom-limit-max
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-content-zoom-limit-max`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies the selected elements&#39; maximum zoom factor.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `400%` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | The largest allowed zoom factor. A zoom factor of 100% corresponds to no zooming. Larger values zoom in. Smaller values zoom out. 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>

The maximum zoom factor.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  <percentage>

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property constrains the limit for touch zooming as well as values of the`msContentZoomFactor`roperty. This property has no effect on non-zoomable elements. See[`-ms-content-zooming`]33339 "The -ms-content-zooming CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies whether zooming is enabled.")for details on zoomable elements.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for touchpad interaction.



This property requires Windows 8 or later.




