---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-snap-x
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-scroll-snap-x`**[CSS]427 "")shorthand property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies values for the[`-ms-scroll-snap-type`]33372 "The -ms-scroll-snap-type CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies what type of snap-point should be used for the current element.")and[`-ms-scroll-snap-points-x`]33370 "The -ms-scroll-snap-points-x CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where snap-points will be located along the x-axis.")properties.


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-scroll-snap-type`]33372 "The -ms-scroll-snap-type CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies what type of snap-point should be used for the current element."):`none`
* [`-ms-scroll-snap-points-x`]33370 "The -ms-scroll-snap-points-x CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where snap-points will be located along the x-axis."):`snapInterval(0px, 100%)` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`-ms-scroll-snap-type`]33372 "The -ms-scroll-snap-type CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies what type of snap-point should be used for the current element."): as specified
* [`-ms-scroll-snap-points-x`]33370 "The -ms-scroll-snap-points-x CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where snap-points will be located along the x-axis."): as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>


The`-ms-scroll-snap-x`shorthand property is specified as one or both of the following values, in order and separated by spaces.

<dl><dt id=''>`-ms-scroll-snap-type`</dt><dd>

The value of the[`-ms-scroll-snap-type`]33372 "The -ms-scroll-snap-type CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies what type of snap-point should be used for the current element.")property.

</dd><dt id=''>`-ms-scroll-snap-points-x`</dt><dd>

The value of the[`-ms-scroll-snap-points-x`]33370 "The -ms-scroll-snap-points-x CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where snap-points will be located along the x-axis.")property.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  <'-ms-scroll-snap-type'> <'-ms-scroll-snap-points-x'>

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The`-ms-scroll-snap-x`property is a shorthand property. The two selectors in the following example have the same effect.


```
.scroll1 {
  -ms-scroll-snap-type: proximity;
  -ms-scroll-snap-points-x: snapList(100%, 200%, 300%, 400%, 500%);
}

.scroll2 {
  -ms-scroll-snap-x: proximity snapList(100%, 200%, 300%, 400%, 500%);
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property requires Windows 8 or later.



This property has no effect on non-scrollable elements.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for mouse, keyboard, and touchpad interaction.




