---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-snap-type
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-scroll-snap-type`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies what type of snap-point should be used for the current element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

Initial value. Panning and scrolling are unaffected by any defined snap-points. Touch flicks will result in normal inertia.

</dd><dt id=''>`proximity`</dt><dd>

When normal inertia would leave content near a snap point, inertia is adjusted to land exactly on the snap point. However, it is still possible to land between snap points.

</dd><dt id=''>`mandatory`</dt><dd>

Inertia is adjusted to ensure content always lands on a snap point.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  none | proximity | mandatory

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property requires Windows 8 or later.



This property has no effect on non-scrollable elements.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for mouse, keyboard, and touchpad interaction.




