---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-user-select
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-user-select`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies a keyword value that indicates where users are able to select text within an element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `text` 
Applies to | non-replaced elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

Blocks selection from starting on that element. It will not block an existing selection from entering the element.

</dd><dt id=''>`element`</dt><dd>

Enables selection to start within the element; however, the selection is contained by the bounds of that element.

</dd><dt id=''>`text`</dt><dd>

Enables selection to start within the element and extend past the element&#39;s bounds.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  none | element | text

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


The following examples apply to a typical blog layout, that has an overall container div with an ID of &quot;blog&quot;, and an inside div with an ID of &quot;blogPost&quot; (for the individual blog post). The &quot;comment&quot; class is applied to comment div elements. The blog post contains an input element and a textarea element for the comment area.



The following code example turns off selection except in editable content.


```
#blog {
  -ms-user-select: none;
  -webkit-user-select: none;
  -moz-user-select: -moz-none;
}
```


The following code example turns off selection everywhere.


```
#blog, #blog input, #blog textarea, 
#blog *[contenteditable=true] { 
  -ms-user-select: none;  
  -webkit-user-select: none; 
  -moz-user-select: -moz-none;
}
```


The following code example enables users to select blog post content only.


```
#blogPost {
  -ms-user-select: element;
  -webkit-user-select:  text;
  -moz-user-select: text;
} 

#blog { 
  -ms-user-select: none;
  -webkit-user-select: none;
  -moz-user-select: -moz-none;
}
```


The following code example enables users to select comments only.


```
.comment {
  -ms-user-select: element;
  -moz-user-select: text;
  -webkit-user-select: text;
} 

#blog{ 
  -ms-user-select: none;
  -moz-user-select: -moz-none;
  -webkit-user-select: none;
}
```


The following code example enables the selection to start in a blog post or comments, but for it to extend past the starting element as well.


```
#blogPost, .comment { 
  -ms-user-select: text;
} 

#blog { 
  -ms-user-select: none;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.




