---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-wrap-flow
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-wrap-flow`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies how exclusions impact inline content within block-level elements.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | block-level elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>

For floated elements, an exclusion is created; for all other elements, an exclusion is not created.

</dd><dt id=''>`both`</dt><dd>

Inline flow content can flow on all sides of the exclusion.

</dd><dt id=''>`start`</dt><dd>

Inline flow content can wrap on the start edge of the exclusion area but must leave empty the area after the end edge of the exclusion area.

</dd><dt id=''>`end`</dt><dd>

Inline flow content can wrap after the end edge of the exclusion area but must leave empty the area before the start edge of the exclusion area.

</dd><dt id=''>`maximum`</dt><dd>

Inline flow content can wrap on the side of the exclusion with the largest available space for the given line, and must leave empty the other side of the exclusion.

</dd><dt id=''>`clear`</dt><dd>

Inline flow content can only wrap on top and bottom of the exclusion and must leave empty the areas to the start and end edges of the exclusion box.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  auto | both | start | end | maximum | clear

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


The`-ms-wrap-flow`property makes an element an exclusion element when it has a computed value other than`auto`. This property specifies that the exclusion element (the exclusion) can be positioned in various ways, and that inline content will wrap around the exclusion in a way similar to how it wraps around floated elements.



When the`-ms-wrap-flow`property&#39;s computed value is`auto`, the element does not become an exclusion element unless its float property&#39;s computed value is not`none`. In that case, the element contributes its border box to its containing block&#39;s wrapping context and content flows around it according to the[`clear`]34636 "The clear CSS property specifies whether an element can be next to floating elements that precede it or must be moved down (cleared) below them. The clear property applies to both floating and non-floating elements.")property. For more information about the impact of an exclusion element on content flow, see the[Terminology]37405 "")section of the CSS Exclusions Module Level 1 specification.




