---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-snap-points-y
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-scroll-snap-points-y`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies where snap-points will be located along the y-axis.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `snapInterval(0px, 100%)` 
Applies to | non-replaced block-level elements and non-replaced inline-block elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>


Note: a`<length-percentage>`is a value that can be either a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")or a[`<percentaqe>`]37374 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").


<dl><dt id=''>`snapInterval( <length-percentage>, <length-percentage> )`</dt><dd>

Specifies a starting snap-point followed by the interval between all snap-points.


* The first value specifies where the first snap-point will be placed.
* The second value specifies the distance between subsequent snap-points both above and below the initial snap-point.
</dd><dt id=''>`snapList( <length-percentage># )`</dt><dd>

Specifies the position of individual snap-points as a comma-separated list of values, each of which represents a zoom factor.


* If any value is less than[`-ms-scroll-limit-y-min`]33368 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the Element.scrollTop property."), then[`-ms-scroll-limit-y-min`]33368 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-min CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the minimum value for the Element.scrollTop property.")is used.
* If any value is greater than[`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`]33367 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the Element.scrollTop property."), then[`-ms-scroll-limit-y-max`]33367 "The -ms-scroll-limit-y-max CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies the maximum value for the Element.scrollTop property.")is used.
</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  snapInterval( <length-percentage>, <length-percentage> ) | snapList( <length-percentage># )where <length-percentage> = <length> | <percentage>

```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


This example demonstrates both types of values for the`-ms-scroll-snap-points-y`property. In the first selector, the first snap-point is at 0%, and the interval is set to 100%. In the second selector, each snap-point is listed separately — 100%, 200%, 300%, and so on. (The`-ms-scroll-snap-points-y`property behaves identically to the[`-ms-scroll-snap-points-x`]33370 "The -ms-scroll-snap-points-x CSS property is a Microsoft extension that specifies where snap-points will be located along the x-axis.")property, but along the y-axis.)


```
.container {
  overflow-x: auto;
  overflow-y: hidden;
  -ms-scroll-snap-type: mandatory;
  -ms-scroll-snap-points-y: snapInterval(0%, 100%);
  width: 480px;
  height: 270px;
}

.imageContainer {
  -ms-scroll-chaining: chained;
  -ms-overflow-style: none;
  -ms-content-zooming: zoom;
  -ms-scroll-rails: none;
  -ms-scroll-limit-y-min: 100%;
  -ms-scroll-limit-y-max: 500%;
  -ms-scroll-snap-type: proximity;
  -ms-scroll-snap-points-y: snapList(100%, 200%, 300%, 400%, 500%);
  -ms-overflow-style: none;
  width: 480px;
  height: 270px;
  overflow: auto;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property requires Windows 8 or later.



This property has no effect on non-scrollable elements.



Starting with Windows 8.1, this property is also supported for mouse, keyboard, and touchpad interaction.




