---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-touch-select
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-touch-select`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that toggles the gripper visual elements that enable touch text selection.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `grippers` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`grippers`</dt><dd>

The grippers are always on. In addition, selection will start even if an`onclick`,`onmsgesturetap`, or`onmouseup`handler is present. This is the initial value.

</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

The grippers are always off and default touch selection functionality is not provided.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  grippers | none

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property requires Windows 8 or later.



The`-ms-touch-select`property should only be used by applications that provide their own selection experience. Most other applications should use the[`-ms-user-select`]33378 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")property instead.



If you choose to hide the grippers, you should ensure that users have a mechanism for selecting text via touch. To find out how to do this using JavaScript, see the HTML5 Selection APIs.



This property has no effect on mouse, keyboard, or touchpad interaction.




