---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-text-autospace
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-text-autospace`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies the autospacing and narrow space width adjustment of text.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

No effect takes place; that is, no extra space is added. This is the default value.

</dd><dt id=''>`ideograph-alpha`</dt><dd>

Creates extra spacing between runs of ideographic and non-ideographic text, such as Latin-based, Cyrillic, Greek, Arabic, or Hebrew text.

</dd><dt id=''>`ideograph-numeric`</dt><dd>

Creates extra spacing between runs of ideographic text and numeric characters.

</dd><dt id=''>`ideograph-parenthesis`</dt><dd>

Creates extra spacing between a normal (non-wide) parenthesis and an ideograph.

</dd><dt id=''>`ideograph-space`</dt><dd>

Extends the width of the space character when it is adjacent to ideographs.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  none | ideograph-alpha | ideograph-numeric | ideograph-parenthesis | ideograph-space

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Remarks<a name="Remarks"></a>


This property requires Windows 8 or later.



This property is an extension to CSS, and can be used as a synonym for`text-autospace`in IE8 standards Mode.



An ideograph is a character in an Asian writing system that represents a concept or an idea, but not a particular word or pronunciation.




