---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-ms-scroll-translation
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.






The**`-ms-scroll-translation`**[CSS]427 "")property is a[Microsoft extension]28320 "")that specifies whether vertical-to-horizontal scroll wheel translation occurs on the specified element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `none` 
Applies to | all elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | yes 
Media | interactive 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`vertical-to-horizontal`</dt><dd>

Vertical to horizontal translation, as described in[Remarks](%33375#Remarks ""), will take place when appropriate.

</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>

No scroll wheel translation takes place.

</dd><dt id=''>`inherit`</dt><dd>

The initial value. The value is inherited from the element&#39;s parent element.

</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
  none | vertical-to-horizontal

```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## <a name="Remarks"></a>


This property requires Windows 8 or later.



This property has no effect on non-scrollable elements.



If your JavaScript is listening for scroll wheel Document Object Model (DOM) events, the events that occur when the user scrolls vertically will always be vertical scroll events, not horizontal scroll events. Similarly, the events that occur when the user scrolls horizontally will always be horizontal scroll events. This property enables you to change this behavior for vertical scroll events. By setting the`-ms-scroll-translation`property to`vertical-to-horizontal`, you are specifying that vertical scroll events should be interpreted as their corresponding horizontal scroll events.



This property&#39;s initial value is`inherit`on all elements, except the[`<html>`]18723 "The HTML <html> element represents the root (top-level element) of an HTML document, so it is also referred to as the root element. All other elements must be descendants of this element.")element, where it defaults to`none`.



This property has no effect on keyboard interaction.



The default CSS templates for Windows apps using JavaScript, &quot;ui-light.css&quot; and &quot;ui-dark.css&quot;, set this property to`vertical-to-horizontal`by default on the[`<html>`]18723 "The HTML <html> element represents the root (top-level element) of an HTML document, so it is also referred to as the root element. All other elements must be descendants of this element.")element.




