---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::spelling-error
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%33707#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`::spelling-error`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-element]28397 "")represents a text segment which the[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")has flagged as incorrectly spelled.


```
::spelling-error {
  color: red;
}
```

## Allowable properties<a name="Allowable_properties"></a>


Only a small subset of CSS properties can be used in a rule with`::spelling-error`in its selector:


* [`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")
* [`background-color`]29451 "The background-color CSS property sets the background color of an element.")
* [`cursor`]33487 "The cursor CSS property specifies which mouse cursor to display when the mouse pointer is over an element.")
* [`caret-color`]29459 "The caret-color CSS property sets the color of the insertion caret—the visible indicator of the point at which the next character typed by the user will be inserted—within an element such as <input> or one with the contenteditable attribute set.")
* [`outline`]31389 "The outline CSS property is a shorthand for setting various outline properties in a single declaration: outline-style, outline-width, and outline-color.")and its longhands
* [`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")and its associated properties
* [`text-emphasis-color`]29457 "The text-emphasis-color CSS property defines the color used to draw emphasis marks on text being rendered in the HTML document. This value can also be set and reset using the text-emphasis shorthand.")
* [`text-shadow`]29458 "The text-shadow CSS property adds shadows to text. It accepts a comma-separated list of shadows to be applied to the text and any of its decorations.")

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
::spelling-error
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Pseudo-Elements Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;::spelling-error&#39; in that specification.</small>]32793 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`::grammar-error`]33708 "The ::grammar-error CSS pseudo-element represents a text segment which the user agent has flagged as grammatically incorrect.")



