---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::cue
---





The**`::cue`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-element]3563 "")matches[WebVTT]19098 "")cues within a selected element. This can be used to[style captions and other cues]37719 "")in media with VTT tracks.


```
::cue {
  color: yellow;
  font-weight: bold;
}
```

## Allowable properties<a name="Allowable_properties"></a>


Only a small subset of CSS properties can be used in a rule with`::cue`in its selector:


* [`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")
* [`opacity`]31319 "The opacity CSS property specifies the level of transparency of an element, that is, the degree to which the content behind the element is visible.")
* [`visibility`]35131 "The visibility CSS property can show or hide an element without affecting the layout of a document (i.e., space is created for elements regardless of whether they are visible or not). The property can also hide rows or columns in a <table>.")
* [`text-decoration`]29439 "The text-decoration CSS property specifies the appearance of decorative lines used on text. It is a shorthand for setting one or more individual text-decoration values in a single declaration, which include text-decoration-line, text-decoration-color, and text-decoration-style.")and its longhand properties
* [`text-shadow`]29458 "The text-shadow CSS property adds shadows to text. It accepts a comma-separated list of shadows to be applied to the text and any of its decorations.")
* [`background`]28694 "The background CSS property lets you adjust all background style options at once, including color, image, origin and size, repeat method, and other features.")and its longhand properties
* [`outline`]31389 "The outline CSS property is a shorthand for setting various outline properties in a single declaration: outline-style, outline-width, and outline-color.")and its longhand properties
* [`font`]23656 "The font CSS property is either a shorthand property for setting font-style, font-variant, font-weight, font-size, line-height, and font-family; or a way to set the element's font to a system font, using specific keywords.")and its longhand properties, including[`line-height`]12926 "The line-height CSS property sets the amount of space used for lines, such as in text. On block-level elements, it specifies the minimum height of line boxes within the element. On non-replaced inline elements, it specifies the height that is used to calculate line box height.")
* [`white-space`]34286 "The white-space CSS property determines how whitespace inside an element is handled.")
* [`text-combine-upright`]32148 "The text-combine-upright CSS property specifies the combination of multiple characters into the space of a single character. If the combined text is wider than 1em, the user agent must fit the contents within 1em. The resulting composition is treated as a single upright glyph for layout and decoration. This property only has an effect in vertical writing modes.")
* [`ruby-position`]34484 "The ruby-position CSS property defines the position of a ruby element relatives to its base element. It can be position over the element (over), under it (under), or between the characters, on their right side (inter-character).")


The properties are applied to the entire set of cues as if they were a single unit. The only exception is that`background`and its shorthand properties apply to each cue individually, to avoid creating boxes and obscuring unexpectedly large areas of the media.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
::cue | ::cue( <selector> )
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following CSS sets the cue style so that the text is white and the background is a translucent black box.


```
::cue {
  color: #fff;
  background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.6);
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[WebVTT: The Web Video Text Tracks Format<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;::cue&#39; in that specification.</small>]37720 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>55 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Video Tracks Format (WebVTT)]19098 "")



