---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::placeholder
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%33705#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`::placeholder`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-element]3563 "")represents the[placeholder text]31629 "")of a[form]35701 "")element.


```
::placeholder {
  color: blue;
  font-size: 1.5em;
}
```


Only the subset of CSS properties that apply to the[`::first-line`]28554 "The ::first-line CSS pseudo-element applies styles to the first line of a block-level element.")pseudo-element can be used in a rule using`::placeholder`in its selector.



**Note:**In Firefox, the appearance of placeholder text is a translucent gray color by default.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
::placeholder
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<input placeholder="Type something here!">
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
input::placeholder {
  color: red;
  font-size: 1.2em;
  font-style: italic;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::placeholder$samples/Example?revision=1379769' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>

### Color contrast<a name="Color_contrast"></a>

#### Contrast Ratio<a name="Contrast_Ratio"></a>


Placeholder text typically has a lighter color treatment to indicate that it is a suggestion for what kind of input will be valid, and is not actual input of any kind.



It is important to ensure that the contrast ratio between the color of the placeholder text and the background of the input is high enough that people experiencing low vision conditions will be able to read it.



Color contrast ratio is determined by comparing the luminosity of the placeholder text and the input background color values. In order to meet current[Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG)]31391 ""), a ratio of 4.5:1 is required for text content and 3:1 for larger text such as headings. Large text is defined as 18.66px and bold or larger, or 24px or larger.


* [WebAIM: Color Contrast Checker]31393 "")
* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.4 explanations]30213 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 1.4.3 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]31394 "")

#### Usability<a name="Usability"></a>


Placeholder text with sufficient color contrast may be interpreted as entered input. Placeholder text will also disappear when a person enters content into an[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")element. Both of these circumstances can interfere with successful form completion, especially for people with cognitive concerns.



An alternate approach to providing placeholder information is to include it outside of the input in close visual proximity, then use`[aria-describedby]37732 "")`to programmatically associate the[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")with its hint.



With this implementation, the hint content is available even if information is entered into the input field, and the input appears free of preexisting input when the page is loaded. Most screen reading technology will use`aria-describedby`to read the hint after the input&#39;s label text is announced, and the person using the screen reader can mute it if they find the extra information unnecessary.


```
<label for="user-email">Your email address</label>
<span id="user-email-hint" class="input-hint">Example: jane@sample.com</span>
<input id="user-email" aria-describedby="user-email-hint" name="email" type="email">
```

* [Placeholders in Form Fields Are Harmful — Nielsen Norman Group]37733 "")

### Windows High Contrast Mode<a name="Windows_High_Contrast_Mode"></a>


Placeholder text will appear with the same styling as user-entered text content when rendered in[Windows High Contrast Mode]33396 ""). This will make it difficult for some people to determine which content has been entered, and which content is placeholder text.


* [Greg Whitworth — How to use -ms-high-contrast]37734 "")

### Labels<a name="Labels"></a>


Placeholders are not a replacement for the[`<label>`]12888 "The HTML <label> element represents a caption for an item in a user interface.")element. Without a label that has been programmatically associated with an input using a combination of the`[for]37735 "")`and`[id]36067 "")`attributes, assistive technology such as screen readers cannot parse[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")elements.


* [MDN Basic form hints]37736 "")
* [Placeholders in Form Fields Are Harmful — Nielsen Norman Group]37733 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Pseudo-Elements Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;::placeholder&#39; in that specification.</small>]31630 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>51 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`:placeholder-shown`]36868 "The :placeholder-shown CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or <textarea> element that is currently displaying placeholder text.")pseudo-class styles an element that*has*an active placeholder.
* Related HTML elements:[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user."),[`<textarea>`]25792 "The HTML <textarea> element represents a multi-line plain-text editing control.")
* The non-standard equivalents to this pseudo-element:[`::-webkit-input-placeholder`]33315 "The non-standard proprietary ::-webkit-input-placeholder pseudo-element represents the placeholder text of a form element. This allows web developers and theme designers to customize the appearance of placeholder text. This pseudo-class is only supported by WebKit and Blink."),[`::-moz-placeholder`]33067 "The ::-moz-placeholder CSS pseudo-element is a Mozilla extension that represents any form element displaying placeholder text. This lets you customize the appearance of the placeholder text, which is a translucent gray color by default."),[`:-ms-input-placeholder`]35707 "The non-standard proprietary :-ms-input-placeholder pseudo-class represents the placeholder text of a form element. This allows web developers and theme designers to customize the appearance of placeholder text. This pseudo-class is only supported by Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge.")
* [HTML forms]35701 "")



