---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::marker
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%33706#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`::marker`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-element]28397 "")selects the marker box of a list item, which typically contains a bullet or number.It works on any element or pseudo-element set to`[display: list-item]30836 "")`, such as the[`<li>`]12761 "The HTML <li> element is used to represent an item in a list. It must be contained in a parent element: an ordered list (<ol>), an unordered list (<ul>), or a menu (<menu>). In menus and unordered lists, list items are usually displayed using bullet points. In ordered lists, they are usually displayed with an ascending counter on the left, such as a number or letter.")and[`<summary>`]12293 "The HTML Disclosure Summary element (<summary>) element specifies a summary, caption, or legend for a <details> element's disclosure box.")elements.


```
::marker {
  color: blue;
  font-size: 1.2em;
}
```

## Allowable properties<a name="Allowable_properties"></a>


Only certain CSS properties can be used in a rule with`::marker`as a selector:


* All[font properties]32784 "")
* [`color`]28820 "The color CSS property sets the foreground color value of an element's text content and text decorations. It also sets the currentcolor value, which may be used as an indirect value on other properties, and is the default for other color properties, such as border-color.")
* [`text-combine-upright`]32148 "The text-combine-upright CSS property specifies the combination of multiple characters into the space of a single character. If the combined text is wider than 1em, the user agent must fit the contents within 1em. The resulting composition is treated as a single upright glyph for layout and decoration. This property only has an effect in vertical writing modes.")

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
::marker
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<ul>
  <li>Peaches</li>
  <li>Apples</li>
  <li>Plums</li>
</ul>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
ul li::marker {
  color: red;
  font-size: 1.5em;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/::marker$samples/Example?revision=1342902' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Pseudo-Elements Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;::marker&#39; in that specification.</small>]32785 "") | Working Draft | No significant change. 
[CSS Lists Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;::marker&#39; in that specification.</small>]32786 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* HTML elements that have marker boxes by default:[`<ol>`]12759 "The HTML <ol> element represents an ordered list of items, typically rendered as a numbered list."),[`<li>`]12761 "The HTML <li> element is used to represent an item in a list. It must be contained in a parent element: an ordered list (<ol>), an unordered list (<ul>), or a menu (<menu>). In menus and unordered lists, list items are usually displayed using bullet points. In ordered lists, they are usually displayed with an ascending counter on the left, such as a number or letter."),[`<summary>`]12293 "The HTML Disclosure Summary element (<summary>) element specifies a summary, caption, or legend for a <details> element's disclosure box.")



