---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Element/onlostpointercapture
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26512 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26513 "")版。</bdi>






`onlostpointercapture`is an[`EventHandler`]4338 "A possible way to get notified of Events of a particular type (such as click) for a given object is to specify an event handler using:")property of the[`Element`]8678 "Element is the most general base class from which all objects in a Document inherit. It only has methods and properties common to all kinds of elements. More specific classes inherit from Element.")interface that returns the event handler (function) for the`[lostpointercapture]8819 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/lostpointercapture")`event type.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var lostCaptureHandler = target.onlostpointercpature;
```

### Return value<a name="Return_Value"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`lostCaptureHandler`</dt><dd>The*lostpointercapture*event handler for element`target`.</dd></dl>
## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
<html>
<script>
function overHandler(ev) {
 // Determine the target event's lostpointercapture handler
 var lostCaptureHandler = ev.target.onlostpointercapture;
}
function init() {
 var el=document.getElementById("target");
 el.onpointerover = overHandler;
}
</script>
<body onload="init();">
<div id="target"> Touch me ... </div>
</body>
</html>
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Pointer Events – Level 2<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;onlostpointercapture&#39; in that specification.</small>]26514 "") | Working Draft | Non-stable version. 
[Pointer Events<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;onlostpointercapture&#39; in that specification.</small>]26515 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 35<sup>[1]</sup> | [59]17090 "Released on undefined.")(59) | 10[-ms]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-ms' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>11 | ? | No support 





[1] This was implemented in[bug 248918]26516 "").



[2] Supported behind the preference`dom.w3c_pointer_events.enabled`, defaulting to`false`.






## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* `[lostpointercapture]8819 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/lostpointercapture")`



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [EventHandler]22402 "")
* [Pointer Events]26509 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[rolfedh]3542 ""),[AFBarstow]6896 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 9:50:38 AM</time>


