---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Clients/matchAll
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]23776 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4891 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%4872#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`matchAll()`**method of the[`Clients`]4885 "The Clients interface provides access to Client objects. Access it via self.clients within a service worker.")interface returns a`[Promise]4237 "The Promise object is used for deferred and asynchronous computations. A Promise is in one of the three states:")`for a list of service worker[`Client`]4887 "The Client interface represents an executable context such as a Worker, or a SharedWorker. Window clients are represented by the more-specific WindowClient. You can get Client/WindowClient objects from methods such as Clients.matchAll() and Clients.get().")objects. Include the`options`parameter to return all service worker clients whose origin is the same as the associated service worker&#39;s origin. If options are not included, the method returns only the service worker clients controlled by the service worker.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
ServiceWorkerClients.matchAll(options).then(function(clients) {
  // do something with your clients list
});
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`optionsOptional`</dt><dd>An options object allowing you to set options for the matching operation. Available options are:
* `includeUncontrolled`: A[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")— if set to`true`, the matching operation will return all service worker clients who share the same origin as the current service worker. Otherwise, it returns only the service worker clients controlled by the current service worker. The default is`false`.
* `type`: Sets the type of clients you want matched. Available values are`window`,`worker`,`sharedworker`, and`all`. The default is`all`.
</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>
<dl><dd>A`[Promise]4237 "The Promise object is used for deferred and asynchronous computations. A Promise is in one of the three states:")`that resolves to an array of[`Client`]4887 "The Client interface represents an executable context such as a Worker, or a SharedWorker. Window clients are represented by the more-specific WindowClient. You can get Client/WindowClient objects from methods such as Clients.matchAll() and Clients.get().")objects. In Chrome 46/Firefox 54 and later, this method returns clients in most recently focused order, correct as per spec.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

```
clients.matchAll(options).then(function(clientList) {
  for (var i = 0 ; i < clients.length ; i++) {
    if (clientList[i].url === 'index.html') {
      clients.openWindow(clientList[i]);
      // or do something else involving the matching client
    }
  }
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Clients&#39; in that specification.</small>]4897 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 
`includeUncontrolled`option<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Clients]4902 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Service Workers]4709 "")
* [ServiceWorker]4904 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[nmve]4863 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[marco-c]23778 ""),[digitarald]23779 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 23, 2018, 4:56:44 AM</time>


