---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Model/Mastering_margin_collapsing
---





The[top]30850 "")and[bottom]30852 "")margins of blocks are sometimes combined (collapsed) into a single margin whose size is the largest of the individual margins (or just one of them, if they are equal), a behavior known as**margin collapsing**. Note that the margins of[floating]32924 "")and[absolutely positioned](%34283#absolute "")elements never collapse.



Margin collapsing occurs in three basic cases:

<dl><dt id=''>Adjacent siblings</dt><dd>The margins of adjacent siblings are collapsed (except when the latter sibling needs to be[cleared]34636 "")past floats).</dd><dt id=''>Parent and first/last child</dt><dd>If there is no border, padding, inline part,[block formatting context]28308 "")created, or*[clearance]34636 "")*to separate the[`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")of a block from the[`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")of its first child block; or no border, padding, inline content,[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area."),[`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height."), or[`max-height`]14282 "The max-height CSS property sets the maximum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming larger than the value specified for max-height.")to separate the[`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")of a block from the[`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")of its last child, then those margins collapse. The collapsed margin ends up outside the parent.</dd><dt id=''>Empty blocks</dt><dd>If there is no border, padding, inline content,[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area."), or[`min-height`]14281 "The min-height CSS property sets the minimum height of an element. It prevents the used value of the height property from becoming smaller than the value specified for min-height.")to separate a block&#39;s[`margin-top`]30850 "The margin-top CSS property sets the margin area on the top of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer.")from its[`margin-bottom`]30852 "The margin-bottom CSS property sets the margin area on the bottom of an element. A positive value will place it farther than normal from its neighbors, while a negative value will place it closer."), then its top and bottom margins collapse.</dd></dl>

Some things to note:


* More complex margin collapsing (of more than two margins) occurs when the above cases are combined.
* These rules apply even to margins that are zero, so the margin of a first/last child ends up outside its parent (according to the rules above) whether or not the parent&#39;s margin is zero.
* When negative margins are involved, the size of the collapsed margin is the sum of the largest positive margin and the smallest (most negative) negative margin.
* When all margins are negative, the size of the collapsed margin is the smallest (most negative) margin. This applies to both adjacent elements and nested elements.

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p>The bottom margin of this paragraph is collapsed …</p>
<p>… with the top margin of this paragraph, yielding a margin of <code>1.2rem</code> in between.</p>

<div>This parent element contains two paragraphs!
  <p>This paragraph has a <code>.4rem</code> margin between it and the text above.</p>
  <p>My bottom margin collapses with my parent, yielding a bottom margin of <code>2rem</code>.</p>
</div>

<p>I am <code>2rem</code> below the element above.</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
div {
  margin: 2rem 0;
  background: lavender;
}

p {
  margin: .4rem 0 1.2rem 0;
  background: yellow;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Box_Model/Mastering_margin_collapsing$samples/Examples?revision=1321957' width='auto' height='350'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;margin collapsing&#39; in that specification.</small>]32914 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax]32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule]4443 "At-rule"),[comments]32858 "Comments"),[specificity]31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance]28555 "inheritance"), the[box]32859 "Box model"),[layout modes]32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models]32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing]30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial]28552 "initial value"),[computed]28556 "computed value"),[resolved]32862 "resolved value"),[specified]32863 "specified value"),[used]32864 "used value"), and[actual]32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax]28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties]28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements]28752 "Replaced element").



