---
manual:HTML
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/HTML/Element/h4
---





The**HTML`<h1>`–`<h6>`elements**represent six levels of section headings.`<h1>`is the highest section level and`<h6>`is the lowest.


[Content categories]39019 "") | [Flow content]39020 ""), heading content, palpable content. 
Permitted content | [Phrasing content]39161 ""). 
Tag omission | None, both the starting and ending tag are mandatory. 
Permitted parents | Any element that accepts[flow content]39020 ""); don&#39;t use an heading element as a child of the[`<hgroup>`]39417 "The HTML <hgroup> element represents a multi-level heading for a section of a document. It groups a set of <h1>–<h6> elements.")element — it is now deprecated. 
Permitted ARIA roles | `[tab]38984 "")`,`[presentation]39166 "")` 
DOM interface | [`HTMLHeadingElement`]12527 "The HTMLHeadingElement interface represents the different heading elements. It inherits methods and properties from the HTMLElement interface.") 


## Attributes<a name="Attributes"></a>


These elements include the[global attributes]39024 "").



The`align`attribute is obsolete; don&#39;t use it.



## Usage notes<a name="Usage_notes"></a>

* Heading information may be used by user agents, for example, to construct a table of contents for a document automatically.
* Do not use lower levels to decrease heading font size: use the[CSS]427 "")[`font-size`]33511 "The font-size CSS property specifies the size of the font. Setting this property may change the size of other items, too, since it is used to compute the value of em, ex, and various other relative <length> units.")property instead.
* Avoid skipping heading levels: always start from`<h1>`, next use`<h2>`and so on.
* You should consider avoiding using`<h1>`more than once on a page. See[Defining sections]39213 "The HTML5 specification brings several new elements to web developers allowing them to describe the structure of a web document with standard semantics. This document describes these elements and how to use them to define the desired outline for any document.")in[Using HTML sections and outlines]39214 "The HTML5 specification brings several new elements to web developers allowing them to describe the structure of a web document with standard semantics. This document describes these elements and how to use them to define the desired outline for any document.")for more information.

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### All headings<a name="All_headings"></a>


The following code shows all the heading levels, in use.


```
<h1>Heading level 1</h1>
<h2>Heading level 2</h2>
<h3>Heading level 3</h3>
<h4>Heading level 4</h4>
<h5>Heading level 5</h5>
<h6>Heading level 6</h6>
```


Here is the result of this code:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/Heading_Elements$samples/All_headings?revision=1393248' width='280' height='300'></iframe>



### Example page<a name="Example_page"></a>


The following code shows a few headings with some content under them.


```
<h1>Heading elements</h1>
<h2>Summary</h2>
<p>Some text here...</p>

<h2>Examples</h2>
<h3>Example 1</h3>
<p>Some text here...</p>

<h3>Example 2</h3>
<p>Some text here...</p>

<h2>See also</h2>
<p>Some text here...</p>
```


Here is the result of this code:



<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/Heading_Elements$samples/Example_page?revision=1393248' width='280' height='480'></iframe>



## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>

### Navigation<a name="Navigation"></a>


A common navigation technique for users of screen reading software is jumping from heading to heading to quickly determine the content of the page. Because of this, it is important to not skip one or more heading levels. Doing so may create confusion, as the person navigating this way may be left wondering where the missing heading is.


#### Don&#39;t<a name="Don't"></a>

```
<h1>Heading level 1</h1>
<h3>Heading level 3</h3>
<h4>Heading level 4</h4>
```

#### Do<a name="Do"></a>

```
<h1>Heading level 1</h1>
<h2>Heading level 2</h2>
<h3>Heading level 3</h3>
```

#### Nesting<a name="Nesting"></a>


Headings may be nested as subsections to reflect the organization of the content of the page. Most screen readers can also generate an ordered list of all the headings on a page, which can help a person quickly determine the hierarchy of the content:


1. `h1`Beetles
	1. `h2`Etymology
	1. `h2`Distribution and Diversity
	1. `h2`Evolution
		1. `h3`Late Paleozoic
		1. `h3`Jurassic
		1. `h3`Cretaceous
		1. `h3`Cenozoic
	1. `h2`External Morphology
		1. `h3`Head
			1. `h4`Mouthparts
		1. `h3`Thorax
			1. `h4`Prothorax
			1. `h4`Pterothorax
		1. `h3`Legs
		1. `h3`Wings
		1. `h3`Abdomen


When headings are nested, heading levels may be &quot;skipped&quot; when closing a subsection.


* [Headings • Page Structure • WAI Web Accessibility Tutorials]40439 "")
* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 1.3 explanations]40440 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 1.3.1 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]34385 "")
* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 2.4 explanations]40441 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.1 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]40442 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.6 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]40443 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 2.4.10 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]40444 "")

### Labeling section content<a name="Labeling_section_content"></a>


Another common navigation technique for users of screen reading software is to generate a list of[sectioning content]40445 "")and use it to determine the page&#39;s layout.



Sectioning content can be labeled using a combination of the`[aria-labelledby]40446 "")`and`[id]36067 "")`attributes, with the label concisely describing the purpose of the section. This technique is useful for situations where there is more than one sectioning element on the same page.


#### Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
<header>
  <nav aria-labelledby="primary-navigation">
    <h2 id="primary-navigation">Primary navigation</h2>
    <!-- navigation items -->
  </nav>
</header>

<!-- page content -->

<footer>
  <nav aria-labelledby="footer-navigation">
    <h2 id="footer-navigation">Footer navigation</h2>
    <!-- navigation items -->
  </nav>
</footer>
```


In this example, screen reading technology would announce that there are two[`<nav>`]36801 "The HTML <nav> element represents a section of a page whose purpose is to provide navigation links, either within the current document or to other documents. Common examples of navigation sections are menus, tables of contents, and indexes.")sections, one called &quot;Primary navigation&quot; and one called &quot;Footer navigation&quot;. If labels were not provided, the person using screen reading software may have to investigate each`nav`element&#39;s contents to determine their purpose.


* [Using the aria-labelledby attribute]40446 "")
* [Labeling Regions • Page Structure • W3C WAI Web Accessibility Tutorials]40447 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;h1&gt;, &lt;h2&gt;, &lt;h3&gt;, &lt;h4&gt;, &lt;h5&gt;, and &lt;h6&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]12529 "") | Living Standard |  
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;h1&gt;, &lt;h2&gt;, &lt;h3&gt;, &lt;h4&gt;, &lt;h5&gt;, and &lt;h6&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]12530 "") | Recommendation |  
[HTML 4.01 Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;&lt;h1&gt;, &lt;h2&gt;, &lt;h3&gt;, &lt;h4&gt;, &lt;h5&gt;, and &lt;h6&gt;&#39; in that specification.</small>]39218 "") | Recommendation |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`<p>`]13089 "The HTML <p> element represents a paragraph of text.")
* [`<div>`]24289 "The HTML Content Division element (<div>) is the generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled using CSS.")
* [`<section>`]36280 "The HTML <section> element represents a standalone section — which doesn't have a more specific semantic element to represent it — contained within an HTML document.")



