---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:required
---





The**`:required`**[CSS]427 "")[pseudo-class]29702 "")represents any[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user."),[`<select>`]18852 "The HTML <select> element represents a control that provides a menu of options:"), or[`<textarea>`]25792 "The HTML <textarea> element represents a multi-line plain-text editing control.")element that has the`[required]38131 "")`attribute set on it.


```
/* Selects any required <input> */
input:required {
  border: 1px dashed red;
}
```


This pseudo-class is useful for highlighting fields that must have valid data before a form can be submitted.



**Note:**The[`:optional`]34524 "The :optional CSS pseudo-class represents any <input>, <select>, or <textarea> element that does not have the required attribute set on it.")pseudo-class selects*optional*form fields.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
:required
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


See[`:invalid`]34512 "The :invalid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents fail to validate.")for an example.


## Accessibility concerns<a name="Accessibility_concerns"></a>


Mandatory[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")s should have the`[required]38131 "")`attribute applied to them. This will ensure that people navigating with the aid of assistive technology such as a screen reader will be able to understand which inputs need valid content to ensure a successful submission.



If the form also contains[optional]34524 "")inputs, required inputs should be indicated visually using a treatment that does not rely solely on color to convey meaning. Typically, descriptive text and/or an icon are used.


* [MDN Understanding WCAG, Guideline 3.3 explanations]38132 "")
* [Understanding Success Criterion 3.3.2 | W3C Understanding WCAG 2.0]38133 "")

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:required&#39; in that specification.</small>]31787 "") | Living Standard | No change. 
[HTML5<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:required&#39; in that specification.</small>]31788 "") | Recommendation | Defines the semantics of HTML and constraint validation. 
[Selectors Level 4<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:required&#39; in that specification.</small>]31329 "") | Working Draft | No change. 
[CSS Basic User Interface Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;:required&#39; in that specification.</small>]31330 "") | Proposed Recommendation | Defines the pseudo-class, but not the associated semantics. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.4.4 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5 | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Other validation-related pseudo-classes:[`:optional`]34524 "The :optional CSS pseudo-class represents any <input>, <select>, or <textarea> element that does not have the required attribute set on it."),[`:invalid`]34512 "The :invalid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents fail to validate."),[`:valid`]34532 "The :valid CSS pseudo-class represents any <input> or other <form> element whose contents validate successfully. This allows to easily make valid fields adopt an appearance that helps the user confirm that their data is formatted properly.")
* [Form data validation]30573 "")



