---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/block_formatting_context
---





A**block formatting context**is a part of a visual CSS rendering of a Web page. It is the region in which the layout of block boxes occurs and in which floats interact with other elements.



A block formatting context is created by at least one of the following:


* the root element or something that contains it
* floats (elements where[`float`]32924 "The float CSS property specifies that an element should be placed along the left or right side of its container, allowing text and inline elements to wrap around it. The element is removed from the normal flow of the web page, though still remaining a part of the flow (in contrast to absolute positioning).")is not`none`)
* absolutely positioned elements (elements where[`position`]34283 "The position CSS property specifies how an element is positioned in a document. The top, right, bottom, and left properties determine the final location of positioned elements.")is`absolute`or`fixed`)
* inline-blocks (elements with[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")`: inline-block`)
* table cells (elements with[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")`: table-cell`, which is the default for HTML table cells)
* table captions (elements with[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")`: table-caption`, which is the default for HTML table captions)
* anonymous table cells implicitly created by the elements with[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")`: table`,`table-row`,`table-row-group`,`table-header-group`,`table-footer-group`(which is the default for HTML tables, table rows, table bodies, table headers and table footers, respectively), or`inline-table`
* block elements where[`overflow`]33028 "The overflow CSS property specifies what to do when an element's content is too large to fit in its block formatting context. It is a shorthand for the overflow-x and overflow-y properties.")has a value other than`visible`
* [`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")`:[flow-root]34730 "")`
* elements with[`contain`]38623 "The contain CSS property allows an author to indicate that an element and its contents are, as much as possible, independent of the rest of the document tree. This allows the browser to recalculate layout, style, paint, size, or any combination of them for a limited area of the DOM and not the entire page.")`: layout`,`content`, or`strict`
* flex items (direct children of the element with[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")`: flex`or`inline-flex`)
* grid items (direct children of the element with[`display`]30836 "The display CSS property specifies the type of rendering box used for an element. In HTML, default display property values are taken from behaviors described in the HTML specifications or from the browser/user default stylesheet. The default value in XML is inline, including SVG elements.")`: grid`or`inline-grid`)
* multicol containers (elements where[`column-count`]33506 "The column-count CSS property breaks an element's content into the specified number of columns.")or[`column-width`]35582 "The column-width CSS property specifies the minimum column width. The number of columns will be the maximum number of columns that can fit without any column having a width less than the column-width value. The actual column width may be smaller than the value of column-width if the width of the container is smaller.")is not`auto`, including elements with`column-count: 1`)
* [`column-span`]35581 "The column-span CSS property makes it possible for an element to span across all columns when its value is set to all.")`: all`should always create a new formatting context, even when the`column-span: all`element isn&#39;t contained by a multicol container ([Spec change]34732 ""),[Chrome bug]34733 "")).


A block formatting context contains everything inside of the element creating it.



Block formatting contexts are important for the positioning (see[`float`]32924 "The float CSS property specifies that an element should be placed along the left or right side of its container, allowing text and inline elements to wrap around it. The element is removed from the normal flow of the web page, though still remaining a part of the flow (in contrast to absolute positioning).")) and clearing (see[`clear`]34636 "The clear CSS property specifies whether an element can be next to floating elements that precede it or must be moved down (cleared) below them. The clear property applies to both floating and non-floating elements.")) of floats. The rules for positioning and clearing of floats apply only to things within the same block formatting context. Floats do not affect the layout of the content inside other block formatting contexts, and clear only clears past floats in the same block formatting context.[Margin collapsing]30837 "")also occurs only between blocks that belong to the same block formatting context.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

* [CSS 2.1]34734 "")
* [CSS Display Level 3]34735 "")

## See also<a name="See_Also"></a>

* [`float`]32924 "The float CSS property specifies that an element should be placed along the left or right side of its container, allowing text and inline elements to wrap around it. The element is removed from the normal flow of the web page, though still remaining a part of the flow (in contrast to absolute positioning)."),[`clear`]34636 "The clear CSS property specifies whether an element can be next to floating elements that precede it or must be moved down (cleared) below them. The clear property applies to both floating and non-floating elements.")
* CSS Key Concepts:[CSS syntax]32857 "Syntax"),[at-rule]4443 "At-rule"),[comments]32858 "Comments"),[specificity]31831 "Specificity")and[inheritance]28555 "inheritance"), the[box]32859 "Box model"),[layout modes]32860 "CSS layout modes")and[visual formatting models]32861 "Visual formatting model"), and[margin collapsing]30837 "Margin collapsing"), or the[initial]28552 "initial value"),[computed]28556 "computed value"),[resolved]32862 "resolved value"),[specified]32863 "specified value"),[used]32864 "used value"), and[actual]32865 "actual value")values. Definitions of[value syntax]28301 "Value definition syntax"),[shorthand properties]28797 "Shorthand properties")and[replaced elements]28752 "Replaced element").



