---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/BaseAudioContext/createStereoPanner
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]23090 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]14195 "")版。</bdi>






The`createStereoPanner()`method of the[`BaseAudioContext`]14161 "The BaseAudioContext interface acts as a base definition for online and offline audio-processing graphs, as represented by AudioContext and OfflineAudioContext respectively.")interface creates a[`StereoPannerNode`]14196 "The pan property takes a unitless value between -1 (full left pan) and 1 (full right pan). This interface was introduced as a much simpler way to apply a simple panning effect than having to use a full PannerNode."), which can be used to apply stereo panning to an audio source. It positions an incoming audio stream in a stereo image using a low-cost[equal-power]22907 "")panning algorithm.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
baseAudioContext.createStereoPanner();
```

### Returns<a name="Description"></a>


A[`StereoPannerNode`]14196 "The pan property takes a unitless value between -1 (full left pan) and 1 (full right pan). This interface was introduced as a much simpler way to apply a simple panning effect than having to use a full PannerNode.").


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


In our[StereoPannerNode example]18904 "")([see source code]18905 "")) HTML we have a simple[`<audio>`]13227 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")element along with a slider[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")to increase and decrease pan value. In the JavaScript we create a[`MediaElementAudioSourceNode`]14121 "A MediaElementSourceNode has no inputs and exactly one output, and is created using the AudioContext.createMediaElementSource method. The amount of channels in the output equals the number of channels of the audio referenced by the HTMLMediaElement used in the creation of the node, or is 1 if the HTMLMediaElement has no audio.")and a[`StereoPannerNode`]14196 "The pan property takes a unitless value between -1 (full left pan) and 1 (full right pan). This interface was introduced as a much simpler way to apply a simple panning effect than having to use a full PannerNode."), and connect the two together using the`connect()`method. We then use an`oninput`event handler to change the value of the[`StereoPannerNode.pan`]18902 "An a-rate AudioParam containing the panning to apply.")parameter and update the pan value display when the slider is moved.



Moving the slider left and right while the music is playing pans the music across to the left and right speakers of the output, respectively.


```
var audioCtx = new (window.AudioContext || window.webkitAudioContext)();
var myAudio = document.querySelector('audio');

var panControl = document.querySelector('.panning-control');
var panValue = document.querySelector('.panning-value');

pre.innerHTML = myScript.innerHTML;

// Create a MediaElementAudioSourceNode
// Feed the HTMLMediaElement into it
var source = audioCtx.createMediaElementSource(myAudio);

// Create a stereo panner
var panNode = audioCtx.createStereoPanner();

// Event handler function to increase panning to the right and left
// when the slider is moved

panControl.oninput = function() {
  panNode.pan.setValueAtTime(panControl.value, audioCtx.currentTime);
  panValue.innerHTML = panControl.value;
}

// connect the AudioBufferSourceNode to the gainNode
// and the gainNode to the destination, so we can play the
// music and adjust the panning using the controls
source.connect(panNode);
panNode.connect(audioCtx.destination);
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;createStereoPanner()&#39; in that specification.</small>]22908 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>42 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>



## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API]3811 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [AudioContext]3840 "")
* [BaseAudioContext]4035 "")
* [createStereoPanner]23091 "")
* [Media]3827 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Audio API]3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[leewz]23092 ""),[MysteryPancake]23093 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 1, 2018, 2:17:23 AM</time>


