---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/BasicCardResponse#Browser_compatibility
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4060 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4051 "")版。</bdi>






**Secure context**<br></br>This feature is available only in[secure contexts]4041 "")(HTTPS), in some or all[supporting browsers]4061 "").




**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table]4061 "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`BasicCardResponse`**dictionary (related to the[Payment Request API]4043 ""), although defined in the[Basic Card Payment spec](%2559#Specifications "")) defines an object structure for payment response details such as the number/expiry date of the card used to make the payment, and the billing address.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`BasicCardResponse.cardNumber`]4063 "The cardNumber property of the BasicCardResponse dictionary contains the number of the card used to make the payment.")Read onlySecure context</dt><dd>Contains the number of the card used to make the payment.</dd><dt id=''>[`BasicCardResponse.cardholderName`]4064 "The cardNumber property of the BasicCardResponse dictionary contains the cardholder name of the card used to make the payment.")Read onlySecure contextOptional</dt><dd>Contains the cardholder name of the card used to make the payment.</dd><dt id=''>[`BasicCardResponse.cardSecurityCode`]4065 "The cardSecurityCode property of the BasicCardResponse dictionary contains the security code of the card used to make the payment.")Read onlySecure contextOptional</dt><dd>Contains the security code of the card used to make the payment.</dd><dt id=''>[`BasicCardResponse.expiryMonth`]4066 "The expiryMonth property of the BasicCardResponse dictionary contains the expiry month of the card used to make the payment.")Read onlySecure contextOptional</dt><dd>Contains the expiry month of the card used to make the payment.</dd><dt id=''>[`BasicCardResponse.expiryYear`]4067 "The expiryYear property of the BasicCardResponse dictionary contains the expiry year of the card used to make the payment.")Read onlySecure contextOptional</dt><dd>Contains the expiry year of the card used to make the payment.</dd><dt id=''>[`BasicCardResponse.billingAddress`]4068 "The billingAddress property of the BasicCardResponse dictionary contains the billing address of the card used to make the payment.")Read onlySecure contextOptional</dt><dd>Contains the billing address of the card used to make the payment.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


In the following example, the[`PaymentRequest()`]4047 "The PaymentRequest() constructor creates a new PaymentRequest object.")constructor is used to create a new payment request, which takes three objects as parameters — one containing details of the payment methods that can be used for the payment, one containing details of the actual order (such as items bought and shipping options), and an optional object containing further options.



The first of these three (`supportedInstruments`in the example below) contains a`data`property that has to conform to the structure defined by the[`BasicCardRequest`]4040 "The BasicCardRequest dictionary is a JavaScript object-structure that can be used in the Payment Request API. The properties of BasicCardRequest are defined in the Basic Card Payment spec).")dictionary.


```
var supportedInstruments = [{
  supportedMethods: 'basic-card',
  data: {
    supportedNetworks: ['visa', 'mastercard', 'amex', 'jcb',
                        'diners', 'discover', 'mir', 'unionpay'],
    supportedTypes: ['credit', 'debit']
  }
}];

var details = {
  total: {label: 'Donation', amount: {currency: 'USD', value: '65.00'}},
  displayItems: [
    {
      label: 'Original donation amount',
      amount: {currency: 'USD', value: '65.00'}
    }
  ],
  shippingOptions: [
    {
      id: 'standard',
      label: 'Standard shipping',
      amount: {currency: 'USD', value: '0.00'},
      selected: true
    }
  ]
};

var options = {requestShipping: true};

try {
  var request = new PaymentRequest(supportedInstruments, details, options);
  // Add event listeners here.
  // Call show() to trigger the browser's payment flow.
  request.show().then(function(instrumentResponse) {
    // Do something with the response from the UI.
  })
  .catch(function(err) {
    // Do something with the error from request.show().
  });
} catch (e) {
  // Catch any other errors.
}
```


Once the payment flow has been triggered using[`PaymentRequest.show()`]4048 "The PaymentRequest.show() method of the PaymentRequest interface causes the user agent to begin the user interaction for the payment request.")and the promise resolves successfully, the[`PaymentResponse`]4049 "The PaymentResponse interface of the Payment Request API is returned after a user selects a payment method and approves a payment request.")object available inside the fulfilled promise (`instrumentResponse`above) will have a[`PaymentResponse.details`]4069 "The details read-only property of the PaymentResponse interface returns a JSON-serializable object that provides a payment method specific message used by the merchant to process the transaction and determine a successful funds transfer.")property that will contain response details. This has to conform to the structure defined by the`BasicCardResponse`dictionary, and may look something like this:


```
{
  "cardNumber' : '9999999999999999",
  "cardholderName' : 'Mr. Dick Straw",
  "cardSecurityCode" : "999",
  "expiryMonth" : "07",
  "expiryYear" : "2021",
  "billingAddress" : {
    "country" : "GB",
    // etc. billing address is a PaymentAddress object
  }
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Basic Card Payment<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;BasicCardResponse&#39; in that specification.</small>]4070 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 
[`cardNumber`]4071 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 
[`cardholderName`]4072 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 
[`cardSecurityCode`]4073 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 
[`expiryMonth`]4074 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 
[`expiryYear`]4075 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 
[`billingAddress`]4076 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56<abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>7.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>




## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Basic Card Payment]4055 "")
* [BasicCardResponse]4077 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Payment Request]4057 "")
* [Payment Request API]4058 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 2:39:18 AM</time>


