---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/break-after
---





The**`break-after`**[CSS]28421 "")property defines how page, column, or region breaks should behave after a generated box. If there is no generated box, the property is ignored.


```
/* Generic break values */
break-after: auto;
break-after: avoid;

/* Page break values */
break-after: avoid-page;
break-after: page;
break-after: always;
break-after: left;
break-after: right;
break-after: recto;
break-after: verso;

/* Column break values */
break-after: avoid-column;
break-after: column;

/* Region break values */
break-after: avoid-region;
break-after: region;

/* Global values */
break-after: inherit;
break-after: initial;
break-after: unset;
```


Each possible break point (in other words, each element boundary) is affected by three properties: the`break-after`value of the previous element, the[`break-before`]29249 "The break-before CSS property defines how page, column, or region breaks should behave before a generated box. If there is no generated box, the property is ignored.")value of the next element, and the[`break-inside`]29250 "The break-inside CSS property defines how page, column, or region breaks should behave inside a generated box. If there is no generated box, the property is ignored.")value of the containing element.



To determine if a break must be done, the following rules are applied:


1. If any of the three concerned values is a*forced break value*(`always`,`left`,`right`,`page`,`column`, or`region`), it has precedence. If more than one of them are such a break, the one of the element that appears the latest in the flow is taken (i.e., the`break-before`value has precedence over the`break-after`value, which itself has precedence over the`break-inside`value).
1. If any of the three concerned values is an*avoid break value*(`avoid`,`avoid-page`,`avoid-region`, or`avoid-column`), no such break will be applied at that point.


Once forced breaks have been applied, soft breaks may be added if needed, but not on element boundaries that resolve in a corresponding`avoid`value.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | block-level elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | paged 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`break-after`property is specified as one of the keyword values from the list below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>

#### Generic break values<a name="Generic_break_values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>Allows, but does not force, any break (page, column, or region) to be inserted right after the principal box.</dd><dt id=''>`avoid`</dt><dd>Avoids any break (page, column, or region) from being inserted right after the principal box.</dd></dl>
#### Page break values<a name="Page_break_values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`avoid-page`</dt><dd>Avoids any page break right after the principal box.</dd><dt id=''>`page`</dt><dd>Forces a page break right after the principal box.</dd><dt id=''>`always`</dt><dd>Forces a page break right after the principal box. (This is an alias of`page`, and has been kept to facilitate the transition from[`page-break-after`]34215 "The page-break-after CSS property adjusts page breaks after the current element."), which is a subset of this property.)</dd><dt id=''>`left`</dt><dd>Forces one or two page breaks right after the principal box, whichever will make the next page into a left page.</dd><dt id=''>`right`</dt><dd>Forces one or two page breaks right after the principal box, whichever will make the next page into a right page.</dd><dt id=''>`recto`<i></i></dt><dd>Forces one or two page breaks right after the principal box, whichever will make the next page into a recto page. (A recto page is a right page in a left-to-right spread or a left page in a right-to-left spread.)</dd><dt id=''>`verso`<i></i></dt><dd>Forces one or two page breaks right after the principal box, whichever will make the next page into a verso page. (A verso page is a left page in a left-to-right spread or a left right in a right-to-left spread.)</dd></dl>
#### Column break values<a name="Column_break_values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`avoid-column`</dt><dd>Avoids any column break right after the principal box.</dd><dt id=''>`column`</dt><dd>Forces a column break right after the principal box.</dd></dl>
#### Region break values<a name="Region_break_values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`avoid-region`<i></i></dt><dd>Avoids any region break right after the principal box.</dd><dt id=''>`region`<i></i></dt><dd>Forces a region break right after the principal box.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
auto | avoid | avoid-page | page | left | right | recto | verso | avoid-column | column | avoid-region | region
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Fragmentation Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;break-after&#39; in that specification.</small>]29290 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Adds the`recto`and`verso`keywords. Changes the media type of this property from`paged`to[`visual`]34216 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"). Defines the breaking algorithm with different kinds of breaks. 
[CSS Regions Module Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;break-after&#39; in that specification.</small>]29284 "") | Working Draft | Extends the property to handle region breaks. Adds the`avoid-region`and`region`keywords. 
[CSS Multi-column Layout Module<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;break-after&#39; in that specification.</small>]29291 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. Extends the CSS 2.1[`page-break-after`]34215 "The page-break-after CSS property adjusts page breaks after the current element.")property to handle both page and column breaks. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
`column`and`avoid-column` | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>No support</abbr>11.1 — 12.1 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
`recto`and`verso`<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
`region`and`avoid-region`<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>








