---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/unicode-bidi
---





The**`unicode-bidi`**[CSS]427 "")property, together with the[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow.")property, determines how bidirectional text in a document is handled. For example, if a block of content contains both left-to-right and right-to-left text, the user-agent uses a complex Unicode algorithm to decide how to display the text. The`unicode-bidi`property overrides this algorithm and allows the developer to control the text embedding.



The`unicode-bidi`and[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow.")properties are the only properties that are not affected by the[`all`]29726 "The all CSS shorthand property sets all of an element's properties (other than unicode-bidi and direction) to their initial or inherited values, or to the values specified in another stylesheet origin.")shorthand.



**Note:**This property is intended for Document Type Definition (DTD) designers. Web designers and similar authors should not override it.


```
/* Keyword values */
unicode-bidi: normal;
unicode-bidi: embed;
unicode-bidi: isolate;
unicode-bidi: bidi-override;
unicode-bidi: isolate-override;
unicode-bidi: plaintext;
/* Global values */
unicode-bidi: inherit;
unicode-bidi: initial;
unicode-bidi: unset;
```

[Initial value]28552 "") | `normal` 
Applies to | all elements, though some values have no effect on non-inline elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`normal`</dt><dd>The element does not offer an additional level of embedding with respect to the bidirectional algorithm. For inline elements, implicit reordering works across element boundaries.</dd><dt id=''>`embed`</dt><dd>If the element is inline, this value opens an additional level of embedding with respect to the bidirectional algorithm. The direction of this embedding level is given by the[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow.")property.</dd><dt id=''>`bidi-override`</dt><dd>For inline elements this creates an override. For block container elements this creates an override for inline-level descendants not within another block container element. This means that inside the element, reordering is strictly in sequence according to the[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow.")property; the implicit part of the bidirectional algorithm is ignored.</dd><dt id=''>`isolate`</dt><dd>This keyword indicates that the element&#39;s container directionality should be calculated without considering the content of this element. The element is therefore*isolated*from its siblings. When applying its bidirectional-resolution algorithm, its container element treats it as one or several`U+FFFC Object Replacement Character`, i.e. like an image.</dd><dt id=''>`isolate-override`</dt><dd>This keyword applies the isolation behavior of the`isolate`keyword to the surrounding content and the override behavior of the`bidi-override`keyword to the inner content.</dd><dt id=''>`plaintext`</dt><dd>This keyword makes the elements directionality calculated without considering its parent bidirectional state or the value of the[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow.")property. The directionality is calculated using the P2 and P3 rules of the Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm.<br></br>This value allows the display of data that is already formatted using a tool following the Unicode Bidirectional Algorithm.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
normal | embed | isolate | bidi-override | isolate-override | plaintext
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.bible-quote {
  direction: rtl; 
  unicode-bidi: embed; 
}
```

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<div class="bible-quote">
  A line of text
</div>
<div>
  Another line of text
</div>
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/unicode-bidi$samples/Examples?revision=1391744' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Writing Modes Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;unicode-bidi&#39; in that specification.</small>]32487 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Added`plaintext`,`isolate`, and`isolate-override`keywords. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;unicode-bidi&#39; in that specification.</small>]32488 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>2 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>9.2 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1.3 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>8 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
`isolate` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr><abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
`plaintext` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
`isolate-override` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow.")



