---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/BiquadFilterNode/type
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%23278 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%14237 "")版。</bdi>






The`type`property of the[`BiquadFilterNode`](%13984 "The BiquadFilterNode interface represents a simple low-order filter, and is created using the AudioContext.createBiquadFilter() method. It is an AudioNode that can represent different kinds of filters, tone control devices, and graphic equalizers.")interface is a string (enum) value defining the kind of filtering algorithm the node is implementing.



## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var audioCtx = new AudioContext();
var biquadFilter = audioCtx.createBiquadFilter();
biquadfilter.type = 'lowpass';
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A string (enum) representing a[BiquadFilterType](%14238 "").


## `type`values and their meaning<a name="type_values_and_their_meaning"></a>
`type` | Description | `frequency` | `Q` | `gain` 
`lowpass` | Standard second-order resonant lowpass filter with 12dB/octave rolloff. Frequencies below the cutoff pass through; frequencies above it are attenuated. | The cutoff frequency. | Indicates how peaked the frequency is around the cutoff. The greater the value is, the greater is the peak. | <em>Not used</em> 
`highpass` | Standard second-order resonant highpass filter with 12dB/octave rolloff. Frequencies below the cutoff are attenuated; frequencies above it pass through. | The cutoff frequency. | Indicates how peaked the frequency is around the cutoff. The greater the value, the greater the peak. | <em>Not used</em> 
`bandpass` | Standard second-order bandpass filter. Frequencies outside the given range of frequencies are attenuated; the frequencies inside it pass through. | The center of the range of frequencies. | Controls the width of the frequency band. The greater the`Q`value, the larger the frequency band. | <em>Not used</em> 
`lowshelf` | Standard second-order lowshelf filer. Frequencies lower than the frequency get a boost, or an attenuation; frequencies over it are unchanged. | The upper limit of the frequencies getting a boost or an attenuation. | <em>Not used</em> | The boost, in dB, to be applied; if negative, it will be an attenuation. 
`highshelf` | Standard second-order highshelf filer. Frequencies higher than the frequency get a boost or an attenuation; frequencies lower than it are unchanged. | The lower limit of the frequencies getting a boost or an attenuation. | <em>Not used</em> | The boost, in dB, to be applied; if negative, it will be an attenuation. 
`peaking` | Frequencies inside the range get a boost or an attenuation; frequencies outside it are unchanged. | The middle of the frequency range getting a boost or an attenuation. | Controls the width of the frequency band. The greater the`Q`value, the larger the frequency band. | The boost, in dB, to be applied; if negative, it will be an attenuation. 
`notch` | Standard[notch](%4126 "/en-US/docs/")filter, also called a<em>band-stop</em>or<em>band-rejection</em>filter. It is the opposite of a bandpass filter: frequencies outside the give range of frequencies pass through; frequencies inside it are attenuated. | The center of the range of frequencies. | Controls the width of the frequency band. The greater the`Q`value, the larger the frequency band. | <em>Not used</em> 
`allpass` | Standard second-order[allpass](%4127 "/en-US/docs/")filter. It Lets all frequencies through, but changes the phase-relationship between the various frequencies. | The frequency with the maximal[group delay](%4128 "/en-US/docs/"), that is, the frequency where the center of the phase transition occurs. | Controls how sharp the transition is at the medium frequency. The larger this parameter is, the sharper and larger the transition will be. | <em>Not used</em> 


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


The following example shows basic usage of an AudioContext to create a Biquad filter node. For a complete working example, check out our[voice-change-o-matic](%3848 "")demo (look at the[source code](%4130 "")too).


```
var audioCtx = new (window.AudioContext || window.webkitAudioContext)();

//set up the different audio nodes we will use for the app
var analyser = audioCtx.createAnalyser();
var distortion = audioCtx.createWaveShaper();
var gainNode = audioCtx.createGain();
var biquadFilter = audioCtx.createBiquadFilter();
var convolver = audioCtx.createConvolver();

// connect the nodes together

source = audioCtx.createMediaStreamSource(stream);
source.connect(analyser);
analyser.connect(distortion);
distortion.connect(biquadFilter);
biquadFilter.connect(convolver);
convolver.connect(gainNode);
gainNode.connect(audioCtx.destination);

// Manipulate the Biquad filter

biquadFilter.type = "lowshelf";
biquadFilter.frequency.value = 1000;
biquadFilter.gain.value = 25;
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;type&#39; in that specification.</small>](%23279 "") | Working Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>](%3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>25 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>14 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API](%3811 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [BiquadFilterNode](%23266 "")
* [Property](%14490 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Référence(2)](%3892 "")
* [Type](%3828 "")
* [Web Audio API](%3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz](%60 ""),[erikadoyle](%3894 ""),[chrisdavidmills](%3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz](%60 ""),<time>Oct 17, 2017, 5:00:04 AM</time>


