---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FetchEvent/FetchEvent
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26801 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26802 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%10804#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The`**FetchEvent()**`constructor creates a new[`FetchEvent`]14342 "This is the event type for fetch events dispatched on the service worker global scope. It contains information about the fetch, including the request and how the receiver will treat the response. It provides the event.respondWith() method, which allows us to provide a response to this fetch.")object.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var myFetchEvent = new FetchEvent(type, init);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>*type*</dt><dd>The type of the Event.</dd><dt id=''>*init*Optional</dt><dd>An options object containing any custom settings that you want to apply to the event object. Options are as follows:
* `request`: The[`Request`]14318 "The Request interface of the Fetch API represents a resource request.")object that would have triggered the event handler.
* `clientId`: The[`Client`]4887 "The Client interface represents an executable context such as a Worker, or a SharedWorker. Window clients are represented by the more-specific WindowClient. You can get Client/WindowClient objects from methods such as Clients.matchAll() and Clients.get().")that the current service worker is controlling. This property is not yet implemented in Chrome.
* `isReload`: A[`Boolean`]5196 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")that signifies whether the page was reloaded or not when the event was dispatched.`true`if yes, and`false`if not. Typically, pressing the refresh button in a browser is a reload, while clicking a link and pressing the back button is not. If not present, it defaults to`false`.
</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;FetchEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]10816 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>27 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>40 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>27 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")
* [Fetch API]3357 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Constructor]22315 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [FetchEvent]26804 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Service Workers]4709 "")
* [ServiceWorker]4904 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[connorshea]5516 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[dgashmdn]15970 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[connorshea]5516 ""),<time>Jul 10, 2018, 1:10:17 PM</time>


