---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/FetchEvent/request
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26810 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]26811 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%10808#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The**`request`**read-only property of the[`FetchEvent`]14342 "This is the event type for fetch events dispatched on the service worker global scope. It contains information about the fetch, including the request and how the receiver will treat the response. It provides the event.respondWith() method, which allows us to provide a response to this fetch.")interface returns the[`Request`]14318 "The Request interface of the Fetch API represents a resource request.")that triggered the event handler.



This property is non-nullable (since version 46, in the case of Firefox.) If a request is not provided by some other means, the constructor`init`object must contain a request (see[`FetchEvent.FetchEvent()`]26802 "The FetchEvent() constructor creates a new FetchEvent object.").)


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
var recentRequest = FetchEvent.request;
```

### Value<a name="Value"></a>


A[`Request`]14318 "The Request interface of the Fetch API represents a resource request.")object.


## Example<a name="Example"></a>


This code snippet is from the[service worker fetch sample]10727 "")([run the fetch sample live]10728 "")). The[`ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.onfetch`]26796 "The onfetch property of the ServiceWorkerGlobalScope interface is an event handler fired whenever a fetch event occurs (usually when the ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.fetch method is called.)")event handler listens for the`fetch`event. When fired,[`FetchEvent.respondWith(any value)`]26813 "The respondWith() method of FetchEvent prevents the browser's default fetch handling, and allows you to provide a promise for a Response yourself.")returns a promise back to the controlled page. This promise resolves to the first matching URL request in the[`Cache`]14305 "The Cache interface provides a storage mechanism for Request / Response object pairs that are cached, for example as part of the ServiceWorker life cycle. Note that the Cache interface is exposed to windowed scopes as well as workers. You don't have to use it in conjunction with service workers, even though it is defined in the service worker spec.")object. If no match is found, the code fetches a response from the network.



The code also handles exceptions thrown from the[`ServiceWorkerGlobalScope.fetch`]26798 "The fetch() method of the GlobalFetch interface starts the process of fetching a resource. This returns a promise that resolves to the Response object representing the response to your request.")operation. Note that an HTTP error response (e.g., 404) will not trigger an exception. It will return a normal response object that has the appropriate error code set.


```
self.addEventListener('fetch', function(event) {
  console.log('Handling fetch event for', event.request.url);

  event.respondWith(
    caches.match(event.request).then(function(response) {
      if (response) {
        console.log('Found response in cache:', response);

        return response;
      }
      console.log('No response found in cache. About to fetch from network...');

      return fetch(event.request).then(function(response) {
        console.log('Response from network is:', response);

        return response;
      }).catch(function(error) {
        console.error('Fetching failed:', error);

        throw error;
      });
    })
  );
});
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[Service Workers<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;FetchEvent&#39; in that specification.</small>]10816 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using Service Workers]4703 "")
* [Service workers basic code example]4704 "")
* [Is ServiceWorker ready?]4705 "")
* [`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")
* [Using web workers]4706 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Expérimental(2)]4792 "")
* [FetchEvent]26804 "")
* [Offline]4708 "")
* [Property]14490 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [request]4324 "")
* [Service Workers]4709 "")
* [Workers]4862 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[jpmedley]3413 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 13, 2018, 4:27:58 AM</time>


