---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Document/enableStyleSheetsForSet
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]26020 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]24660 "")版。</bdi>






Enables the style sheets matching the specified name in the current style sheet set, and disables all other style sheets (except those without a title, which are always enabled).


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
document.enableStyleSheetsForSet(name)
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`name`</dt><dd>The name of the style sheets to enable. All style sheets with a title that match this name will be enabled, while all others that have a title will be disabled. Specify an empty string for the`name`parameter to disable all alternate and preferred style sheets (but not the persistent style sheets; that is, those with no`title`attribute).</dd></dl>
## Notes<a name="Notes"></a>

* Title matches are case-sensitive.
* Calling this method with a`null``name`has no effect; if you want to disable all alternate and preferred style sheets, you**must**pass &quot;&quot;, the empty string.
* Stylesheets that don&#39;t have a title are never affected by this method.
* This method never affects the values of[`document.lastStyleSheetSet`]24657 "Returns the last enabled style sheet set; this property's value changes whenever the document.selectedStyleSheetSet property is changed.")or[`document.preferredStyleSheetSet`]24656 "Returns the preferred style sheet set as set by the page author.").

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
document.enableStyleSheetsForSet("Some style sheet set name");
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

* [HTML5: Alternate Style Sheets]24605 "http://www.whatwg.org/specs/web-apps/current-work/#alternate-style-sheets")

## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Stylesheet`]26021 "An object implementing the StyleSheet interface represents a single style sheet. CSS style sheets will further implement the more specialized CSSStyleSheet interface.")
* [`document.styleSheets`]26022 "The styleSheets property of the DocumentOrShadowRoot interface returns a StyleSheetList of CSSStyleSheet objects, for stylesheets explicitly linked into or embedded in a document.")
* [`document.lastStyleSheetSet`]24657 "Returns the last enabled style sheet set; this property's value changes whenever the document.selectedStyleSheetSet property is changed.")
* [`document.preferredStyleSheetSet`]24656 "Returns the preferred style sheet set as set by the page author.")
* [`document.selectedStyleSheetSet`]24658 "Indicates the name of the style sheet set that's currently in use.")
* [`document.enableStyleSheetsForSet()`]24660 "Enables the style sheets matching the specified name in the current style sheet set, and disables all other style sheets (except those without a title, which are always enabled).")
* [Correctly Using Titles With External Stylesheets]26023 "en/Correctly Using Titles With External Stylesheets")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSOM]4437 "")
* [DOM]456 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [NeedsMarkupWork]6810 "")
* [NeedsSpecTable]13048 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[namolmes]16339 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>May 18, 2018, 3:28:08 AM</time>


