---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/Document/createNSResolver
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章](%26106 "")。






创建一个`XPathNSResolver`which resolves namespaces with respect to the definitions in scope for 指定节点


## 语法<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
nsResolver = document.createNSResolver(node);
```

### 参数<a name="参数"></a>

* `node`is the node to be used as a context for namespace resolution.

### 返回值<a name="返回值"></a>

* `nsResolver`is an XPathNSResolver object.

## 注意<a name="Notes"></a>


Adapts any DOM node to resolve namespaces so that an[XPath](%26107 "en/XPath")expression can be easily evaluated relative to the context of the node where it appeared within the document. This adapter works like the DOM Level 3 method`lookupNamespaceURI`on nodes in resolving the`namespaceURI`from a given prefix using the current information available in the node&#39;s hierarchy at the time`lookupNamespaceURI`is called. Also correctly resolves the implicit`xml`prefix.



Note, XPath defines QNames without prefix to match only elements in the null namespace. There is no way in XPath to pick up the default namespace as applied to a regular element reference (e.g.,`p[@id='_myid'`] for`xmlns=&#39;http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml&#39;`). To match default elements in a non-null namespace, you either have to refer to a particular element using a form such as`*namespace-uri()=http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtmland name()=p[@id='_myid']`([this approach](%26108 "en/Introduction_to_using_XPath_in_JavaScript#Using_XPath_functions_to_reference_elements_with_its_default_namespace")works well for dynamic XPath expressions where the namespaces might not be known) or use prefixed name tests, and create a namespace resolver mapping the prefix to the namespace. Read more on[how to create a user defined namespace resolver](%26109 "en/Introduction_to_using_XPath_in_JavaScript#Implementing_a_User_Defined_Namespace_Resolver")if you wish to take the latter approach.



`createNSResolver`was introduced in DOM Level 3.


## 参见<a name="See_also"></a>

* [document.evaluate](%26110 "en/DOM/document.evaluate")
* [Introduction to using XPath in JavaScript](%26111 "en/Introduction_to_using_XPath_in_JavaScript")

## 规范<a name="Specification"></a>


[DOM Level 3 XPath Specification: createNSResolver](%26112 "")




## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[nDos](%5136 "")
**最后编辑者:**[nDos](%5136 ""),<time>Jan 15, 2018, 5:11:15 AM</time>


