---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/DOMImplementation/hasFeature
---





The**`DOMImplementation.hasFeature()`**method returns a[`Boolean`](%3371 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")flag indicating if a given feature is supported.



The different implementation fairly diverged in what kind of features was reported. The latest version of the spec settled to force this method to always return`true`, except for SVG features, where the functionnality was accurate and in use.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
flag = document.implementation.hasFeature(feature, version);
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><em>feature</em></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`](%2651 "DOMString 是一个UTF-16字符串。由于JavaScript已经使用了这样的字符串，所以DOMString 直接映射到 一个String。")representing the feature name.</dd><dt id=''><em>version</em></dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`](%2651 "DOMString 是一个UTF-16字符串。由于JavaScript已经使用了这样的字符串，所以DOMString 直接映射到 一个String。")representing the version of the specification defining the feature.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[DOM<br></br><small>DOMImplementation.hasFeature</small>](%24171 "") | Living Standard | Modified to always return`true`except for SVG features. 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification<br></br><small>DOMImplementation.hasFeature</small>](%24172 "") | Obsolete | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Core Specification](%4412 "Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Core Specification") 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Core Specification<br></br><small>DOMImplementation.hasFeature</small>](%24173 "") | Obsolete | No change from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification](%4414 "Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification") 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 1 Specification<br></br><small>DOMImplementation.hasFeature</small>](%24174 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | (Yes) | 1.0 (1.7 or earlier) | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) 
Always`true`for non-SVG features. | ? | [19.0](%4553 "Released on 2013-02-19.")(19.0) | ? | ? | ? 




## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The[`DOMImplementation`](%2637 "DOMImplementation 接口代表了一个对象，这个对象提供了不依赖于任何document的方法。这个对象可以通过Document.implementation属性获得")interface it belongs to.



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[teoli](%160 ""),[khalid32](%10688 ""),[ziyunfei](%61 "")
**最后编辑者:**[khalid32](%10688 ""),<time>Oct 23, 2014, 11:36:10 PM</time>


