---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/greaterThanOrEqual
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46133 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42541 "")版。</bdi>






SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The static**`SIMD.%type%.greaterThanOrEqual()`**method returns a selection mask with values depending on a greater-than-or-equal comparison (`a >= b`) in each lane.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b)
SIMD.Float64x2.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b)

SIMD.Int8x16.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b)
SIMD.Int16x8.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b)
SIMD.Int32x4.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b)

SIMD.Uint8x16.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b)
SIMD.Uint16x8.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b)
SIMD.Uint32x4.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b)

```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>a</dt><dd>An instance of a SIMD type.</dd><dt id=''>`b`</dt><dd>Another instance of a SIMD type.</dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A selection mask (of type`Bool64x2`,`Bool32x4`,`Bool16x8`or`Bool8x16`depending on the size). The lane values of the mask are either`true`or`false`depending on the result of`a >= b`.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


The`SIMD.%type%.greaterThanOrEqual`method is one of the SIMD[comparison operations]41631 "")and does not give you back the values of the greater-than-or-equal comparison of two instances directly. Instead, a selection mask with Boolean values is returned.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Selecting the largest or equal lane values from two vectors<a name="Selecting_the_largest_or_equal_lane_values_from_two_vectors"></a>


In this example, two SIMD`Float32x4`data types are compared to find the largest or equal value for each lane and a selection mask gets created based on the result. This selection mask is then used to select the largest or equal values of both vectors into a new`Float32x4`vector.


```
var a = SIMD.Float32x4(1, 6, 3, 11);
var b = SIMD.Float32x4(1, 4, 7, 9);

var mask = SIMD.Float32x4.greaterThanOrEqual(a, b);
// Bool32x4[true, true, false, true]

var result = SIMD.float32x4.select(mask, a, b);
// Float32x4[1, 6, 7, 11]
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[SIMD<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;SIMDConstructor.greaterThanOrEqual&#39; in that specification.</small>]46134 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")
* [`SIMD.%type%.select()`]42560 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



