---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/columns
---





The**`columns`**[CSS]427 "")property sets the column width and column count of an element.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/columns.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


It is a[shorthand property]28797 "")that sets both the[`column-width`]35582 "The column-width CSS property specifies the minimum column width. The number of columns will be the maximum number of columns that can fit without any column having a width less than the column-width value. The actual column width may be smaller than the value of column-width if the width of the container is smaller.")and[`column-count`]33506 "The column-count CSS property breaks an element's content into the specified number of columns.")properties in a single, convenient declaration. As with all shorthand properties, any omitted sub-values will be set to their[initial value]28552 "").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* Column width */
columns: 18em;

/* Column count */
columns: auto;
columns: 2;

/* Both column width and count */
columns: 2 auto;
columns: auto 12em;
columns: auto auto;

/* Global values */
columns: inherit;
columns: initial;
columns: unset;
```


The`columns`property may be specified as one or two of the values listed below, in any order.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`<'column-width'>`</dt><dd>The ideal column width, defined as a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")or the keyword`auto`. The actual width may be wider or narrower to fit the available space. See[`column-width`]35582 "The column-width CSS property specifies the minimum column width. The number of columns will be the maximum number of columns that can fit without any column having a width less than the column-width value. The actual column width may be smaller than the value of column-width if the width of the container is smaller.").</dd><dt id=''>`<'column-count'>`</dt><dd>The ideal number of columns into which the element&#39;s content should be flowed, defined as an[`<integer>`]28331 "The <integer> CSS data type is a special type of <number> that represents a whole number, whether positive or negative. Integers can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as column-count, counter-increment, grid-column, grid-row, and z-index.")or the keyword`auto`. If neither this value nor the column&#39;s width are`auto`, it merely indicates the maximum allowable number of columns. See[`column-count`]33506 "The column-count CSS property breaks an element's content into the specified number of columns.").</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'column-width'> || <'column-count'>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p class="content-box">
  This is a bunch of text split into three columns
  using the CSS `columns` property. The text
  is equally distributed over the columns.
</p>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.content-box {
  columns: 3 auto;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/columns$samples/Example?revision=1356467' width='auto' height='120'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Multi-column Layout Module<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;columns&#39; in that specification.</small>]29532 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`column-width`]35582 "The column-width CSS property specifies the minimum column width. The number of columns will be the maximum number of columns that can fit without any column having a width less than the column-width value. The actual column width may be smaller than the value of column-width if the width of the container is smaller."):`auto`
* [`column-count`]33506 "The column-count CSS property breaks an element's content into the specified number of columns."):`auto` 
Applies to | Block containers except table wrapper boxes 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`column-width`]35582 "The column-width CSS property specifies the minimum column width. The number of columns will be the maximum number of columns that can fit without any column having a width less than the column-width value. The actual column width may be smaller than the value of column-width if the width of the container is smaller."): the absolute length, zero or larger
* [`column-count`]33506 "The column-count CSS property breaks an element's content into the specified number of columns."): as specified 
Animation type | as each of the properties of the shorthand:<br></br>
* [`column-width`]35582 "The column-width CSS property specifies the minimum column width. The number of columns will be the maximum number of columns that can fit without any column having a width less than the column-width value. The actual column width may be smaller than the value of column-width if the width of the container is smaller."): a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.")
* [`column-count`]33506 "The column-count CSS property breaks an element's content into the specified number of columns."): an[integer](%28331#Interpolation "Values of the <integer> CSS data type are interpolated via integer discrete steps. The calculation is done as if they were real, floating-point numbers and the discrete value is obtained using the floor function.") 
Canonical order | per grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11.1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>50 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>52 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11.5 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>3.2<abbr>Prefixed<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5.0 
On`display: table-caption` | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>37 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Requires a vendor prefix or different name for use.</dd></dl>



