---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Collator/supportedLocalesOf
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45764 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]45732 "")版。</bdi>






The**`Intl.Collator.supportedLocalesOf()`**method returns an array containing those of the provided locales that are supported in collation without having to fall back to the runtime&#39;s default locale.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/js/intl-collator-prototype-supportedlocalesof.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>

## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
Intl.Collator.supportedLocalesOf(locales[, options])
```

### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`locales`</dt><dd>A string with a BCP 47 language tag, or an array of such strings. For the general form of the`locales`argument, see the[Intl page]45508 "The Intl object is the namespace for the ECMAScript Internationalization API, which provides language sensitive string comparison, number formatting, and date and time formatting. The constructors for Collator, NumberFormat, and DateTimeFormat objects are properties of the Intl object. This page documents these properties as well as functionality common to the internationalization constructors and other language sensitive functions.").</dd><dt id=''>`options`</dt><dd>

Optional. An object that may have the following property:

<dl><dt id=''>`localeMatcher`</dt><dd>The locale matching algorithm to use. Possible values are`"lookup"`and`"best fit"`; the default is`"best fit"`. For information about this option, see the[Intl page]45509 "The Intl object is the namespace for the ECMAScript Internationalization API, which provides language sensitive string comparison, number formatting, and date and time formatting. The constructors for Collator, NumberFormat, and DateTimeFormat objects are properties of the Intl object. This page documents these properties as well as functionality common to the internationalization constructors and other language sensitive functions.").</dd></dl></dd></dl>
### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


An array of strings representing a subset of the given locale tags that are supported in collation without having to fall back to the runtime&#39;s default locale.


## Description<a name="Description"></a>


Returns an array with a subset of the language tags provided in`locales`. The language tags returned are those for which the runtime supports a locale in collation that the locale matching algorithm used considers a match, so that it wouldn&#39;t have to fall back to the default locale.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Using`supportedLocalesOf`<a name="Using_supportedLocalesOf"></a>


Assuming a runtime that supports Indonesian and German but not Balinese in collation,`supportedLocalesOf`returns the Indonesian and German language tags unchanged, even though pinyin collation is not used with Indonesian and a specialized German for Indonesia is unlikely to be supported. Note the specification of the`"lookup"`algorithm here — a`"best fit"`matcher might decide that Indonesian is an adequate match for Balinese since most Balinese speakers also understand Indonesian, and therefore return the Balinese language tag as well.


```
var locales = ['ban', 'id-u-co-pinyin', 'de-ID'];
var options = { localeMatcher: 'lookup' };
console.log(Intl.Collator.supportedLocalesOf(locales, options).join(', '));
// → "id-u-co-pinyin, de-ID"
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 1.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.Collator.supportedLocalesOf&#39; in that specification.</small>]45765 "") | Standard | Initial definition. 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 2.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.Collator.supportedLocalesOf&#39; in that specification.</small>]45766 "") | Standard |  
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 4.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.Collator.supportedLocalesOf&#39; in that specification.</small>]45767 "") | Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Intl.Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")



