---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Collator/prototype
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]45749 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]44271 "")版。</bdi>






The**`Intl.Collator.prototype`**property represents the prototype object for the[`Intl.Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")constructor.


Property attributes of`Intl.Collator.prototype` 
 ---  | 
Writable | no 
Enumerable | no 
Configurable | no 



## Description<a name="Description"></a>


See[`Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")for a description of`Intl.Collator`instances.



[`Intl.Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")instances inherit from`Intl.Collator.prototype`. Modifications to the prototype object are inherited by all[`Intl.Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")instances.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Intl.Collator.prototype.compare`]42081 "The Intl.Collator.prototype.compare property returns a getter function that compares two strings according to the sort order of this Collator object.")</dt><dd>Getter; returns a function that compares two strings according to the sort order of this[`Intl.Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")object.</dd><dt id=''>`Intl.Collator.prototype.constructor`</dt><dd>A reference to[`Intl.Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.").</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`Intl.Collator.prototype.resolvedOptions()`]42082 "The Intl.Collator.prototype.resolvedOptions() method returns a new object with properties reflecting the locale and collation options computed during initialization of this Collator object.")</dt><dd>Returns a new object with properties reflecting the locale and collation options computed during initialization of the object.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 1.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.Collator.prototype&#39; in that specification.</small>]45750 "") | Standard | Initial definition. 
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 2.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.Collator.prototype&#39; in that specification.</small>]45751 "") | Standard |  
[ECMAScript Internationalization API 4.0 (ECMA-402)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;Intl.Collator.prototype&#39; in that specification.</small>]45752 "") | Draft |  


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Server<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Node.js<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>24 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>29 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>11 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>15 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>26 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>56 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>10 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`Intl.Collator`]40836 "The Intl.Collator object is a constructor for collators, objects that enable language sensitive string comparison.")



