---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/-webkit-transition
---





**Deprecated**<br></br>This feature has been removed from the Web standards. Though some browsers may still support it, it is in the process of being dropped. Avoid using it and update existing code if possible; see the[compatibility table](%31090#Browser_compatibility "")at the bottom of this page to guide your decision. Be aware that this feature may cease to work at any time.




**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`-webkit-transition`**Boolean[CSS]28421 "")[`@media`]14285 "The @media CSS at-rule can be used to apply part of a style sheet based on the result of one or more media queries.")media feature is a[Chrome extension]28319 "")whose value is`true`if the browsing context supports[CSS transitions]3481 ""). It was never supported in browsers not based on WebKit or Blink.



**Note:**You should not use this media feature; it was never specified, has never been widely implemented, and has been removed from all browsers. Use an[`@supports`]14303 "The @supports CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on a browser's support for one or more specific CSS features. This is called a feature query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")feature query instead.



## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Use @supports instead<a name="Use_supports_instead"></a>


Do not use the`-webkit-transition`media feature. Instead, test for transition support using the CSS[`@supports`]14303 "The @supports CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on a browser's support for one or more specific CSS features. This is called a feature query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")[at-rule]4443 ""), like this:


```
@supports (transition: initial) {
  /* CSS to use if transitions are supported */
}
```

### Obsolete example<a name="Obsolete_example"></a>


Before this became obsolete, you could use`-webkit-transition`in your CSS like this:


```
@media (-webkit-transition) {
  /* CSS to use if transitions are supported */
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specification"></a>


Not part of any specification. Apple has[a description in Safari CSS Reference]35448 ""); this is now called simply`transition`there.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Deprecated<i></i></abbr><abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Deprecated. Not for use in new websites.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using media queries]30559 "")
* [Using CSS transitions]32416 "")
* [`@supports`]14303 "The @supports CSS at-rule lets you specify declarations that depend on a browser's support for one or more specific CSS features. This is called a feature query. The rule may be placed at the top level of your code or nested inside any other conditional group at-rule.")
* [`transition`]33014 "The transition CSS property is a shorthand property for transition-property, transition-duration, transition-timing-function, and transition-delay.")



