---
manual:HTML
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/HTML/Element/Input/image
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章]39991 "")。






The`<input type="image">`is a graphical submit button. You must use the**src**attribute to define the source of the image and the**alt**attribute to define alternative text. The**height**and**width**attributes are used to define the size of the image in pixels.


Permitted content | None, it is an[empty element]39005 "empty element: An empty element is an element from HTML, SVG, or MathML that cannot have any child nodes (i.e., nested elements or text nodes)."). 
Tag omission | Must have a start tag and must not have an end tag. 
Permitted parent elements | Any element that accepts[phrasing content]38975 ""). 
DOM interface | [`HTMLInputElement`]2762 "The HTMLInputElement interface provides special properties and methods (beyond the regular HTMLElement interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of input elements.") 


## Attributes<a name="Attributes"></a>


This element includes the[global attributes]38986 "").



**`type`**

<dl><dt id=''>**`formaction`**[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>The URI of a program that processes the information submitted by the input element, here image if specified, it overrides the`[action]12222 "")`attribute of the element&#39;s form owner.</dd></dl><dl><dt id=''>**`formenctype`**[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>If the input element is an image, this attribute specifies the type of content that is used to submit the form to the server. Possible values are:
* `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`: The default value if the attribute is not specified.
* `multipart/form-data`: Use this value if you are using an[`<input>`]394 "HTML <input> 元素用于为基于Web的表单创建交互式控件，以便接受来自用户的数据。")element with the`[type]12676 "")`attribute set to`file`.
* `text/plain`


If this attribute is specified, it overrides the`[enctype]12223 "")`attribute of the element&#39;s form owner.

</dd><dt id=''>**`formmethod`**[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>In image input element, this attribute specifies the HTTP method that the browser uses to submit the form. Possible values are:
* `post`: The data from the form is included in the body of the form and is sent to the server.
* `get`: The data from the form is appended to the**form**attribute URI, with a &#39;?&#39; as a separator, and the resulting URI is sent to the server. Use this method when the form has no side-effects and contains only ASCII characters.


If specified, this attribute overrides the`[method]12224 "")`attribute of the element&#39;s form owner.

</dd><dt id=''>**`formnovalidate`**[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>This Boolean attribute specifies that the form is not to be validated when it is submitted. If this attribute is specified, it overrides the`[novalidate]12225 "")`attribute of the element&#39;s form owner.</dd><dt id=''>**`formtarget`**[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>This attribute is a name or keyword indicating where to display the response that is received after submitting the form. This is a name of, or keyword for, a*browsing context*(for example, tab, window, or inline frame). If this attribute is specified, it overrides the`[target]12226 "")`attribute of the element&#39;s form owner. The following keywords have special meanings:
* _`self`: Load the response into the same browsing context as the current one. This value is the default if the attribute is not specified.
* `_blank`: Load the response into a new unnamed browsing context.
* `_parent`: Load the response into the parent browsing context of the current one. If there is no parent, this option behaves the same way as`_self`.
* `_top`: Load the response into the top-level browsing context (that is, the browsing context that is an ancestor of the current one, and has no parent). If there is no parent, this option behaves the same way as`_self`.
</dd><dt id=''>**`height`**[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>This attribute defines the height of the image displayed for the button.</dd><dt id=''>**`required`**[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>This attribute specifies that the user must fill in a value before submitting a form but it cannot be used when the**type**attribute is`image`type (`submit`,`reset`, or`button`). The[`:optional`]28092 ":optional CSS 伪类 表示任意没有required属性的 <input> 或 <textarea> 元素使用它. 它允许表单容易的展示可选字段并且渲染其外观.")and[`:required`]28150 ":required CSS 伪类 表示 任意 <input> 元素表示任意拥有required属性的 <input> 或 <textarea> 元素使用它. 它允许表单在提交之前容易的展示必填字段并且渲染其外观.")CSS pseudo-classes will be applied to the field as appropriate.</dd><dt id=''>**`src`**</dt><dd>This attribute specifies a URI for the location of an image to display on the graphical submit button; otherwise it is ignored.</dd><dt id=''>**`usemap`**[HTML 4]101 "")only,已废弃[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>The name of a[`<map>`]38822 "HTML <map> 属性 与 <area> 属性一起使用来定义一个图像映射(一个可点击的链接区域).")element as an image map.</dd><dt id=''>**`width`**[HTML5]4 "")</dt><dd>This attribute defines the width of the image displayed for the button.</dd><dt id=''>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>
</dt></dl>
### Firefox logo input image example<a name="simple_input_image_example"></a>

```
<input type="image" name="image" src="/files/2917/fxlogo.png" width="50">
```

#### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/HTML/Element/Input/image$samples/simple_input_image_example?revision=1123423' width='null' height='null'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>&lt;input type=&quot;image&quot;&gt;</small>]39992 "") | Living Standard 
[HTML5<br></br><small>&lt;input type=&quot;image&quot;&gt;</small>]39993 "") | Recommendation 
[HTML 4.01 Specification<br></br><small>&lt;form&gt;</small>]39275 "") | Recommendation 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3392 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 1.0 | 1.0 (1.7 or earlier) | 2 or earlier | 1.0 | 1.0 
type | 1.0 | 1.0 (1.7 or earlier) | 2 | 1.0 | 1.0 
type=image | 1.0 | Gecko 2.0 only sends x and y coordinates when clicked, not longer the name/value of the element | 2 | 1.0 | 1.0 







<dl><dt id=''>
## See also<a name="See_also"></a>
</dt></dl>


