---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-inline-start
---





**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%31267#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`offset-inline-start`**[CSS]427 "CSS")property defines the logical inline start offset of an element, which maps to a physical offset depending on the element&#39;s writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the[`top`]31264 "The top CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`right`]29605 "The right CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`bottom`]31265 "The bottom CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."), or[`left`]29604 "The left CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")property depending on the values defined for[`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow."), and[`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.").


```
/* <length> values */
offset-inline-start: 3px;
offset-inline-start: 2.4em;

/* <percentage>s of the width or height of the containing block */
offset-inline-start: 10%;

/* Keyword value */
offset-inline-start: auto;

/* Global values */
offset-inline-start: inherit;
offset-inline-start: initial;
offset-inline-start: unset;
```


It relates to[`offset-block-start`]31266 "The offset-block-start CSS property defines the logical block start offset of an element, which maps to a physical offset depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the top, right, bottom, or left property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."),[`offset-block-end`]31263 "The offset-block-end CSS property defines the logical block end offset of an element, which maps to a physical offset depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the top, right, bottom, or left property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."), and[`offset-inline-end`]31268 "The offset-inline-end CSS property defines the logical inline end offset of an element, which maps to a physical offset depending on the element's writing mode, directionality, and text orientation. It corresponds to the top, right, bottom, or left property depending on the values defined for writing-mode, direction, and text-orientation."), which define the other offsets of the element.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | positioned elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | logical-width of containing block 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | same as box offsets:[`top`]31264 "The top CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`right`]29605 "The right CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`bottom`]31265 "The bottom CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`left`]29604 "The left CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")properties except that directions are logical 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

### Values<a name="Values"></a>


The`offset-inline-start`property takes the same values as the[`left`]29604 "The left CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")property.


### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<'left'>
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

### HTML Content<a name="HTML_Content"></a>

```
<div>
  <p class="exampleText">Example text</p>
</div>
```

### CSS Content<a name="CSS_Content"></a>

```
div {
  background-color: yellow;
  width: 120px;
  height: 120px;
}

.exampleText {
  writing-mode: vertical-lr;
  position: relative;
  offset-inline-start: 20px;
  background-color: #c8c800;
}
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-inline-start$samples/Example?revision=1342849' width='140' height='140'></iframe>



## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Logical Properties and Values Level 1<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;offset-inline-start&#39; in that specification.</small>]31290 "") | Editor&#39;s Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* The mapped physical properties:[`top`]31264 "The top CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`right`]29605 "The right CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`bottom`]31265 "The bottom CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."), and[`left`]29604 "The left CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")
* [`writing-mode`]28772 "The writing-mode CSS property defines whether lines of text are laid out horizontally or vertically, as well as the direction in which blocks progress."),[`direction`]28805 "The direction CSS property sets the direction of text, table columns, and horizontal overflow."),[`text-orientation`]28806 "The text-orientation CSS property defines the orientation of the text characters in a line. This property only has an effect in vertical mode, that is, when writing-mode is not horizontal-tb. It is useful for controlling the display of languages that use vertical script, and also for making vertical table headers.")



