---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/top
---





The**`top`**[CSS]427 "CSS")property participates in specifying the vertical position of a*positioned element*. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.

<iframe src='https://interactive-examples.mdn.mozilla.net/pages/css/top.html' width='100%' height='250'></iframe>


The effect of`top`depends on how the element is positioned (i.e., the value of the[`position`]34283 "The position CSS property specifies how an element is positioned in a document. The top, right, bottom, and left properties determine the final location of positioned elements.")property):


* When`position`is set to`absolute`or`fixed`, the`top`property specifies the distance between the element&#39;s top edge and the top edge of its containing block.
* When`position`is set to`relative`, the`top`property specifies the distance the element&#39;s top edge is moved below its normal position.
* When`position`is set to`sticky`, the`top`property behaves like its position is`relative`when the element is inside the viewport, and like its position is`fixed`when it is outside.
* When`position`is set to`static`, the`top`property has*no effect*.


When both`top`and[`bottom`]31265 "The bottom CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")are specified,*and*[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.")is unspecified or either`auto`or`100%`, both the`top`and`bottom`distances are respected. In all other situations, if[`height`]14278 "The height CSS property specifies the height of an element. By default, the property defines the height of the content area. If box-sizing is set to border-box, however, it instead determines the height of the border area.")is constrained in any way, the`top`property takes precedence and the`bottom`property is ignored.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
/* <length> values */
top: 3px;
top: 2.4em;

/* <percentage>s of the height of the containing block */
top: 10%;

/* Keyword value */
top: auto;

/* Global values */
top: inherit;
top: initial;
top: unset;
```

### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")</dt><dd>A negative, null, or positive[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")that represents:
* for*absolutely positioned elements*, the distance to the top edge of the containing block.
* for*relatively positioned elements*, the distance that the element is moved below its normal position.
</dd><dt id=''>[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")</dt><dd>A[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size.")of the containing block&#39;s height.</dd><dt id=''>`auto`</dt><dd>Specifies that:
* for*absolutely positioned elements*, the position of the element is based on the[`bottom`]31265 "The bottom CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")property, while`height: auto`is treated as a height based on the content.
* for*relatively positioned elements*, the distance of the element from its normal position is based on the[`bottom`]31265 "The bottom CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")property, or if`bottom`is also`auto`, the element is not moved vertically at all.
</dd><dt id=''>`inherit`</dt><dd>Specifies that the value is the same as the computed value from its parent element (which might not be its containing block). This computed value is then handled as if it were a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow."),[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size."), or the`auto`keyword.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
<length> | <percentage> | auto
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
body {
  background: beige;
}

div {
  position: absolute;
  top: 10%;
  right: 40%;
  bottom: 20%;
  left: 15%;
  background: gold;
  border: 1px solid blue;
}
```

```
<div>The size of this content is determined by the position of its edges.</div>
```


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/top$samples/Example?revision=1362063' width='100%' height='200'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Transitions<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;top&#39; in that specification.</small>]29205 "") | Working Draft | Defines`top`as animatable. 
[CSS Positioned Layout Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;top&#39; in that specification.</small>]32310 "") | Working Draft | Adds behavior for sticky positioning. 
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;top&#39; in that specification.</small>]32311 "") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


[Initial value]28552 "") | `auto` 
Applies to | positioned elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Percentages | refer to the height of the containing block 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | if specified as a length, the corresponding absolute length; if specified as a percentage, the specified value; otherwise,`auto` 
Animation type | a[length](%4561#Interpolation "Values of the <length> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers."),[percentage](%4567#Interpolation "Values of the <percentage> CSS data type are interpolated as real, floating-point numbers.")or calc(); 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[New compatibility tables are in beta<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>12 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>5<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>1 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>4 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`position`]34283 "The position CSS property specifies how an element is positioned in a document. The top, right, bottom, and left properties determine the final location of positioned elements."),[`bottom`]31265 "The bottom CSS property participates in specifying the vertical position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`left`]29604 "The left CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements."),[`right`]29605 "The right CSS property participates in specifying the horizontal position of a positioned element. It has no effect on non-positioned elements.")



