---
manual:Javascript
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SIMD/toSource#
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]46169 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]42554 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





SIMD.js has been[taken out of active development in TC39]41628 "")and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within[WebAssembly]21620 ""), with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.



The non-standard**`SIMD.%type%.toSource()`**method returns a string representing the source code of the object.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
SIMD.Float32x4.toSource()
SIMD.Float64x2.toSource()

SIMD.Int8x16.toSource()
SIMD.Int16x8.toSource()
SIMD.Int32x4.toSource()

SIMD.Uint8x16.toSource()
SIMD.Uint16x8.toSource()
SIMD.Uint32x4.toSource()

SIMD.Bool8x16.toSource() 
SIMD.Bool16x8.toSource() 
SIMD.Bool32x4.toSource()
SIMD.Bool64x2.toSource()

```

### Return value<a name="Return_value"></a>


A[`String`]4404 "The String global object is a constructor for strings or a sequence of characters.")representing the source code of the object.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### Using`toSource()`with a Float32x4<a name="Using_toSource()_with_a_Float32x4"></a>

```
var a = SIMD.Float32x4(11, 22, 33, 44);

a.toSource(); // "SIMD.Float32x4(11, 22, 33, 44)"
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Not part of any standard or specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Experimental SIMD.js has been removed from browsers. It&#39;s still available in Firefox Nightly, but will be removed in favor of a SIMD implementation in[WebAssembly]21620 ""). See also[bug 1416723]42510 "Consider removing SIMD.js?").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`SIMD`]40846 "SIMD.js has been taken out of active development in TC39 and removed from Stage 3. It is not being pursued by web browsers for implementation anymore. SIMD operations exposed to the web are under active development within WebAssembly, with operations based on the SIMD.js operations.")



