---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-moz-window-shadow
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`-moz-window-shadow`**[CSS]427 "")property specifies whether a window will have a shadow. It only works on Mac OS X.



This property is not standard and from Firefox 44 onwards cannot be used on websites anymore.




Firefox 3 added support for transparent windows on Mac OS X. However, for these windows shadows were turned off and there was no way to turn them on. In Firefox 3.5 the default changed, with all windows having a shadow. This version introduced the`-moz-window-shadow`CSS property to provide a way to turn off unwanted shadows.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `default` 
Applies to | all elements that create native windows, e.g. &lt;window&gt;, &lt;panel&gt; 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`-moz-window-shadow`property is specified as one of the keyword values listed below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`default`</dt><dd>The window will have a shadow with the default window shadow style.</dd><dt id=''>`menu`</dt><dd>The window will have the shadow style that&#39;s appropriate for menus.</dd><dt id=''>`tooltip`</dt><dd>The window will have the shadow style that&#39;s appropriate for tooltips.</dd><dt id=''>`sheet`</dt><dd>The window will have the shadow style that&#39;s appropriate for sheet windows.</dd><dt id=''>`none`</dt><dd>The window won&#39;t have a shadow.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
default | menu | tooltip | sheet | none
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
.KUI-panel {
  -moz-window-shadow: none;
}
```



