---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-moz-window-dragging
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`-moz-window-dragging`**[CSS](%427 "")property specifies whether a window is draggable or not. It only works in Chrome code, and only on Mac OS X.



The property was added in Firefox 35 to solve intermittent problems related to Firefox windows not being moveable when busy ([bug 944836](%36502 "FIXED: No longer possible to move the Firefox window when it happens to be busy")).


[Initial value](%28552 "") | `drag` 
Applies to | all elements that create native windows, e.g. &lt;window&gt;, &lt;panel&gt; 
[Inherited](%28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value](%28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`-moz-window-dragging`property is specified as one of the keyword values listed below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`drag`</dt><dd>The window is draggable.</dd><dt id=''>`no-drag`</dt><dd>The window is not draggable</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
drag | no-drag
```

## Example<a name="Example"></a>

```
toolbarpaletteitem {
  -moz-window-dragging: no-drag;
}
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


This property is not part of any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | No support | No support | [35](%10323 "Released on 2015-01-13.")(35) | No support | No support | No support 











