---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-moz-orient
---





**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.





The**`-moz-orient`**[CSS]427 "")property specifies the orientation of the element to which it&#39;s applied.


[Initial value]28552 "") | `inline` 
Applies to | any element; it has an effect on[`progress`]36416 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")and[`meter`]36417 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"), but not on &lt;input type=&quot;range&quot;&gt; or other elements 
[Inherited]28555 "") | no 
Media | visual 
[Computed value]28556 "") | as specified 
Animation type | discrete 
Canonical order | the unique non-ambiguous order defined by the formal grammar 


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The`-moz-orient`property is specified as one of the keyword values chosen from the list below.


### Values<a name="Values"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`inline`</dt><dd>The element is rendered in the same direction as the axis of the text: horizontally for horizontal writing modes, vertically for vertical writing modes.</dd><dt id=''>`block`</dt><dd>The element is rendered orthogonally to the axis of the text: vertically for horizontal writing modes, horizontal for vertical writing modes.</dd><dt id=''>`horizontal`</dt><dd>The element is rendered horizontally.</dd><dt id=''>`vertical`</dt><dd>The element is rendered vertically.</dd></dl>
### Formal syntax<a name="Formal_syntax"></a>

```
inline | block | horizontal | vertical
```

## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>

### HTML<a name="HTML"></a>

```
<p>
  The following progress meter 
  is horizontal (the default):
</p>
<progress max="100" value="75"></progress>

<p>
 The following progress meter
 is vertical:
</p>
<progress class="vert" max="100" value="75"></progress>
```

### CSS<a name="CSS"></a>

```
.vert {
  -moz-orient: vertical;
  width: 16px;
  height: 150px;
}
```

### Result<a name="Result"></a>


<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/-moz-orient$samples/Examples?revision=1299481' width='200' height='360'></iframe>



## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>


Though[submitted]36418 "")to the W3C, with positive initial feedback, this property is not yet part of any specification; currently, this is a Mozilla-specific extension (that is,`-moz-orient`).


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | No support | [6.0]3569 "Released on 2011-08-16.")(6.0)[-moz]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-moz' as this browser considers it experimental")<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support | No support 
`auto`value | No support | [21.0]12554 "Released on 2013-05-14.")(21.0)<sup>[2]</sup><br></br>No support[40]3469 "Released on 2015-08-11.")(40) | No support | No support | No support 
`inline`and`block`values | No support | [40]3469 "Released on 2015-08-11.")(40) | No support | No support | No support 





[1] In Gecko 6.0 (Firefox 6.0 / Thunderbird 6.0 / SeaMonkey 2.3), there was a bug that causes vertical[`<progress>`]36419 "The HTML <progress> element displays an indicator showing the completion progress of a task, typically displayed as a progress bar.")elements to render with the dimensions of a horizontal bar. This is fixed in Gecko 7.0 (Firefox 7.0 / Thunderbird 7.0 / SeaMonkey 2.4).



[2] The`auto`value was equivalent to`horizontal`.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`box-orient`]36343 "This is a property of the original CSS Flexible Box Layout Module draft, and has been replaced by a newer standard. See flexbox for information about the current standard.")



