---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AnimationEffectReadOnly
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]3473 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3474 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2533#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The`AnimationEffectReadOnly`interface of the[Web Animations API]3476 "")defines current and future<em>animation effects</em>like[`KeyframeEffect`]3477 "The KeyframeEffect interface of the Web Animations API lets us create sets of animatable properties and values, called keyframes. These can then be played using the Animation() constructor."), which can be passed to[`Animation`]3478 "The Animation interface of the Web Animations API represents a single animation player and provides playback controls and a timeline for an animation node or source.")objects for playing, and[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly`]3479 "The KeyframeEffectReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API describes sets of animatable properties and values that can be played using the Animation.Animation() constructor, and which are inherited by KeyframeEffect.")(which is used by[CSS Animations]3480 "")and[Transitions]3481 "")).


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`AnimationEffectReadOnly.timing`]3482 "The AnimationEffectReadOnly.timing read-only attribute of the AnimationEffectReadOnly interface returns an AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly object containing the timing properties for the Animation Effect.")Read only</dt><dd>The[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly`]3483 "The AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API is comprised of timing properties.")object associated with the animation containing all the animation&#39;s timing values.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`AnimationEffectReadOnly.getComputedTiming()`]3484 "The getComputedTiming() method of the AnimationEffectReadOnly interface returns the calculated timing properties for this animation effect.")</dt><dd>Returns the calculated timing properties for this Animation Effect.</dd></dl><dl></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;AnimationEffectReadOnly&#39; in that specification.</small>]3485 "") | Working Draft | Editor&#39;s draft. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`timing`]3486 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 
[`getComputedTiming`]3487 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* [`Animation.effect`]3488 "The Animation.effect property of the Web Animations API gets and sets the target effect of an animation. The target effect may be either an effect object of a type based on AnimationEffectReadOnly, such as KeyframeEffect, or null.")
* Inherited by[`KeyframeEffect`]3477 "The KeyframeEffect interface of the Web Animations API lets us create sets of animatable properties and values, called keyframes. These can then be played using the Animation() constructor.")and[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly`]3479 "The KeyframeEffectReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API describes sets of animatable properties and values that can be played using the Animation.Animation() constructor, and which are inherited by KeyframeEffect.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [AnimationEffectReadOnly]3489 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ngyikp]3492 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[suzyh]3493 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ngyikp]3492 ""),<time>May 21, 2018, 10:35:20 PM</time>


