---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AnimationEffectTiming
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]3496 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3497 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2534#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




The`AnimationEffectTiming`interface of the[Web Animations API]3476 "")is comprised of timing properties. It is returned by the`[timing]3482 "")`attribute of a[`KeyframeEffect`]3477 "The KeyframeEffect interface of the Web Animations API lets us create sets of animatable properties and values, called keyframes. These can then be played using the Animation() constructor.").



This interface inherits its properties from[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly`]3483 "The AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API is comprised of timing properties."), but in a non-read only form.



## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface inherits its properties from its parent,[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly`]3483 "The AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API is comprised of timing properties."), in a non-read only form.</em>

<dl><dt>[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly.delay`]3499 "The delay property of the AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly object represents the number of milliseconds to delay the start of the animation.")</dt><dd>The number of milliseconds to delay the start of the animation. Defaults to`0`.</dd><dt>[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly.endDelay`]3500 "The endDelay property of AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly represents the number of milliseconds to delay after the end time of an animation. The end time of an animation effect is simply the sum of its delay, duration, and endDelay.")</dt><dd>The number of milliseconds to delay after the end of an animation. This is primarily of use when sequencing animations based on the end time of another animation. Defaults to`0`.</dd><dt>[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly.fill`]3501 "The fill property of AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly dictates how and when the animation's effects should be reflected by the element(s) visual state.")</dt><dd>Dictates whether the animation&#39;s effects should be reflected by the element(s) state prior to playing (`backwards`), retained after the animation has completed playing (`forwards`), or`both`. Defaults to`none`.</dd><dt>[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly.iterationStart`]3502 "The iterationStart property of AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly represents which repetition the animation begins at and its progress through it.")</dt><dd>A number representing the which repetition the animation begins at and its progress through it.</dd><dt>[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly.iterations`]3503 "The iterations property of AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly represents the number of times the animation should repeat. It defaults to 1, and can also take a value of Infinity to make it loop infinitely.")</dt><dd>The number of times the animation should repeat. Defaults to`1`, and can also take a value of infinity to make it repeat infinitely.</dd><dt>[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly.duration`]3504 "The duration property of AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly represents the duration in milliseconds to complete a single iteration of the animation.")</dt><dd>The number of milliseconds each iteration of the animation takes to complete. Defaults to`0`.</dd><dt>[`AnimationEffectReadOnly.direction`]3505 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Whether the animation runs forwards (`normal`), backwards (`reverse`), switches direction after each iteration (`alternate`), or runs backwards and switches direction after each iteration (`alternate-reverse`). Defaults to`normal`.</dd><dt>[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly.easing`]3506 "The easing property of the AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly object represents the timing function used to scale the time to produce easing effects. Easing is the rate of the animation's change over time.")</dt><dd>The rate of the animation&#39;s change over time. Accepts the pre-defined values`linear`,`ease`,`ease-in`,`ease-out`, and`ease-in-out`, or a custom cubic-bezier value like`cubic-bezier(0.42, 0, 0.58, 1)`. Defaults to`linear`.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


In the[Growing and Shrinking Alice]3507 "")example, we set Alice&#39;s animation —`aliceChange`— at halfway complete by getting the duration of its[`effect`]3488 "The Animation.effect property of the Web Animations API gets and sets the target effect of an animation. The target effect may be either an effect object of a type based on AnimationEffectReadOnly, such as KeyframeEffect, or null.")&#39;s[`timing`]3482 "The AnimationEffectReadOnly.timing read-only attribute of the AnimationEffectReadOnly interface returns an AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly object containing the timing properties for the Animation Effect.")attribute, which returns an`AnimationEffectTiming`object:


```
aliceChange.currentTime = aliceChange.effect.timing.duration / 2 ;
```

## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;AnimationEffectTiming&#39; in that specification.</small>]3508 "") | Working Draft | Editor&#39;s draft. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`KeyframeEffect`]3477 "The KeyframeEffect interface of the Web Animations API lets us create sets of animatable properties and values, called keyframes. These can then be played using the Animation() constructor.")
* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* Inherits from[`AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly`]3483 "The AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly interface of the Web Animations API is comprised of timing properties.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [AnimationEffectTiming]3509 "")
* [AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly]3510 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[ngyikp]3492 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[suzyh]3493 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ngyikp]3492 ""),<time>May 21, 2018, 10:21:02 PM</time>


