---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AnimationEffectTimingProperties
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]3511 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3512 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2535#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`AnimationEffectTimingProperties`**dictionary, part of the[Web Animations API]3476 ""), is used by[`Element.animate()`]3514 "The Element interface's animate() method is a shortcut method which creates a new Animation, applies it to the element, then plays the animation. It returns the created Animation object instance."),[`KeyframeEffectReadOnly()`]3515 "The KeyframeEffectReadOnly() constructor of the Web Animations API returns a new KeyframeEffectReadOnly object instance, and also allows you to clone an existing keyframe effect object instance."), and[`KeyframeEffect()`]3516 "The KeyframeEffect() constructor of the Web Animations API returns a new KeyframeEffect object instance, and also allows you to clone an existing keyframe effect object instance.")to describe timing properties for animation effects. These properties are all optional, although without setting a`duration`the animation will not play.



Simply put, these properties describe how the[user agent]3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")should go about making the transition from from keyframe to keyframe, and how to behave when the animation begins and ends.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`delay`]3518 "The AnimationEffectTimingProperties dictionary's delay property in the Web Animations API represents the number of milliseconds to delay the start of the animation.")Optional</dt><dd>The number of milliseconds to delay the start of the animation. Defaults to 0.</dd><dt>[`direction`]3519 "The direction property of the Web Animations API dictionary AnimationEffectTimingProperties indicates an animation's playback direction along its timeline, as well as its behavior when it reaches the end of an interation")Optional</dt><dd>Whether the animation runs forwards (`normal`), backwards (`reverse`), switches direction after each iteration (`alternate`), or runs backwards and switches direction after each iteration (`alternate-reverse`). Defaults to`"normal"`.</dd><dt>[`duration`]3520 "The duration property of the dictionary AnimationEffectTimingProperties in the Web Animations API specifies the duration in milliseconds that a single iteration (from beginning to end) the animation should take to complete.")Optional</dt><dd>The number of milliseconds each iteration of the animation takes to complete. Defaults to 0. Although this is technically optional, keep in mind that your animation will not run if this value is 0.</dd><dt>[`easing`]3521 "The {domxref("AnimationEffectTimingProperties")}} dictionary's easing property in the Web Animations API specifies the timing function used to scale the time to produce easing effects, where easing is the rate of the animation's change over time.")Optional</dt><dd>The rate of the animation&#39;s change over time. Accepts the pre-defined values`"linear"`,`"ease"`,`"ease-in"`,`"ease-out"`, and`"ease-in-out"`, or a custom`"cubic-bezier"`value like`"cubic-bezier(0.42, 0, 0.58, 1)"`. Defaults to`"linear"`.</dd><dt>[`endDelay`]3522 "The endDelay property of the AnimationEffectTimingProperties dictionary (part of the Web Animations API) indicates the number of milliseconds to delay after the active period of an animation sequence. The animation's end time—the time at which an iteration is considered to have finished—is the time at which the animation finishes an iteration (its initial delay, AnimationEffectTimingReadOnly.delay, plus its duration,duration, plus its end delay.")Optional</dt><dd>The number of milliseconds to delay after the end of an animation. This is primarily of use when sequencing animations based on the end time of another animation. Defaults to 0.</dd><dt>[`fill`]3523 "The Web Animations API's AnimationEffectTimingProperties dictionary's fill property specifies a fill mode, which defines how the element to which the animation is applied should look when the animation sequence is not actively running, such as before the time specified by iterationStart or after animation's end time.")Optional</dt><dd>Dictates whether the animation&#39;s effects should be reflected by the element(s) prior to playing (`"backwards"`), retained after the animation has completed playing (`"forwards"`), or`both`. Defaults to`"none"`.</dd><dt>[`iterationStart`]3524 "Web Animations API's AnimationEffectTimingProperties dictionary's  iterationStart property specifies the repetition number which repetition the animation begins at and its progress through it.")Optional</dt><dd>Describes at what point in the iteration the animation should start. 0.5 would indicate starting halfway through the first iteration for example, and with this value set, an animation with 2 iterations would end halfway through a third iteration. Defaults to 0.0.</dd><dt>[`iterations`]3525 "The Web Animations API dictionary AnimationEffectTimingProperties's iterations property specifies the number of times the animation should repeat. The default value is 1, indicating that it should only play once, but you can set it to any floating-point value (including positive Infinity defaults to 1, and can also take a value of Infinity to make it loop infinitely.")Optional</dt><dd>The number of times the animation should repeat. Defaults to`1`, and can also take a value of[`Infinity`]3526 "The global Infinity property is a numeric value representing infinity.")to make it repeat for as long as the element exists.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;AnimationEffectTimingProperties&#39; in that specification.</small>]3527 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`delay`]3528 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`direction`]3529 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`duration`]3530 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`easing`]3531 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`endDelay`]3532 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`fill`]3533 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`iterations`]3534 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>48<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`iterationStart`]3535 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Web Animations API]3476 "")
* [Using the Web Animations API]3536 "")
* [`Element.animate()`]3514 "The Element interface's animate() method is a shortcut method which creates a new Animation, applies it to the element, then plays the animation. It returns the created Animation object instance.")
* [`KeyframeEffect()`]3516 "The KeyframeEffect() constructor of the Web Animations API returns a new KeyframeEffect object instance, and also allows you to clone an existing keyframe effect object instance.")
* [`KeyframeEffectReadOnly()`]3515 "The KeyframeEffectReadOnly() constructor of the Web Animations API returns a new KeyframeEffectReadOnly object instance, and also allows you to clone an existing keyframe effect object instance.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [animate]3537 "")
* [Animation]3470 "")
* [AnimationEffectTimingProperties]3538 "")
* [API]50 "")
* [Dictionary]3539 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [KeyframeEffect]3540 "")
* [KeyframeEffectReadOnly]3541 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Animations]3490 "")
* [web animations api]3491 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[rachelnabors]3494 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[rolfedh]3542 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Mar 9, 2018, 1:21:22 AM</time>


