---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AudioContextLatencyCategory
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译](%3816 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)](%3817 "")版。</bdi>






**Draft**<br></br>This page is not complete.





The`**AudioContextLatencyCategory**`type is an enumerated set of strings which are used to select one of a number of default values for acceptable maximum latency of an audio context.By using these strings rather than a numeric value when specifying a latency to a[`AudioContext`](%3818 "The AudioContext interface represents an audio-processing graph built from audio modules linked together, each represented by an AudioNode."), you can allow the[user agent](%3517 "user agent: A user agent is a computer program representing a person, for example, a browser in a Web context.")to select an appropriate latency for your use case that makes sense on the device on which your content is being used.



`AudioContextLatencyCategory`can be used when constructing a new`AudioContext`by passing one of these values as the[`latencyHint`](%3819 "The AudioContextOptions dictionary (used when instantiating an AudioContext) may contain a property named latencyHint, which indicates the preferred maximum latency in seconds for the audio context.")option in the[`AudioContext()`](%3820 "The AudioContext() constructor creates a new AudioContext object which represents an audio-processing graph, built from audio modules linked together, each represented by an AudioNode.")constructor&#39;s options dictionary.


## Values<a name="Values"></a>
Value | Description 
`"balanced"` | The user agent should balance audio output latency and power consumption when selecting a latency value. 
`"interactive"` | The audio is involved in interactive elements, such as responding to user actions or needing to coincide with visual cues such as a video or game action. The user agent should select the lowest possible latency that doesn&#39;t cause glitches in the audio. This is likely to require increased power consumption.**This is the default value.** 
`"playback"` | The user agent should select a latency that will maximize playback time by minimizing power consumption at the expense of latency. Useful for non-interactive playback, such as playing music. 


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;AudioContextLatencyCategory&#39; in that specification.</small>](%3821 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition. 






## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


Showing compatibility for`latencyHint`.



No compatibility data found. Please contribute data for &quot;api.AudioContextOptions.latencyHint&quot; (depth: 1) to the[MDN compatibility data repository](%3344 "").








## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API](%50 "")
* [Audio](%3822 "")
* [Audio Context](%3823 "")
* [AudioContextLatencyCategory](%3824 "")
* [Enum](%3825 "")
* [Interface](%3380 "")
* [latency](%3826 "")
* [Media](%3827 "")
* [Reference](%3381 "")
* [Type](%3828 "")
* [Web Audio](%3829 "")
* [Web Audio API](%3830 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[Sheppy](%405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[Sheppy](%405 ""),<time>May 21, 2018, 5:40:48 PM</time>


