---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AuthenticatorAssertionResponse
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]3975 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3976 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2554#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




When a[WebAuthn]3978 "")authenticator peforms an authentication via the[get()]3979 "")call, the result is a new[PublicKeyCredential]3980 ""), the[`PublicKeyCredential.response`]3981 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")value will be an AuthenticatorAssertionResponse object. This object contains both the client data (i.e. - browser data) for the authentication as well as the data from the authenticator to cryptographically prove that the authentication is valid.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>




<dl><dt>AuthenticatorAssertionResponse.clientDataJSON</dt><dd>Inherited from[`AuthenticatorResponse.clientDataJSON`]3982 "The clientDataJSON object is an ArrayBuffer containing a JSON String of the various browser data that was used for the WebAuthn create() or get() call. It is included in both an AuthenticatorAttestationResponse and an AuthenticatorAssertionResponse within a PublicKeyCredential. The reason for storing the data as a ArrayBuffer rather than a String or an actual JavaScript object is that the object is effectively signed over by the authenticator, and if the order of the properties of the JavaScript object were not preserved then the signature verification would fail."). Includes the client data for the authentication, such as origin and challenge.</dd><dt>[`AuthenticatorAssertionResponse.authenticatorData`]3983 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An[ArrayBuffer]3603 "")containing information from the authenticator such as the Relying Party ID Hash (rpIdHash), a signature counter, test of user presence and user verification flags, and any extensions processed by the authenticator. This is one of the two fields that is signed over by the authenticator.</dd><dt>[`AuthenticatorAssertionResponse.signature`]3984 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>A assertion signature over[`AuthenticatorAssertionResponse.authenticatorData`]3983 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")and[`AuthenticatorResponse.clientDataJSON`]3982 "The clientDataJSON object is an ArrayBuffer containing a JSON String of the various browser data that was used for the WebAuthn create() or get() call. It is included in both an AuthenticatorAttestationResponse and an AuthenticatorAssertionResponse within a PublicKeyCredential. The reason for storing the data as a ArrayBuffer rather than a String or an actual JavaScript object is that the object is effectively signed over by the authenticator, and if the order of the properties of the JavaScript object were not preserved then the signature verification would fail."). The assertion signature is created with the private key of keypair that was created during the create() call and verified using the public key of that same keypair.</dd><dt>[`AuthenticatorAssertionResponse.userHandle`]3985 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>An[ArrayBuffer]3603 "")containing an opaque user identifier.</dd></dl>




## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


None.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


TBD


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Authentication: An API for accessing Public Key Credentials Level 1]3986 "The 'Web Authentication: An API for accessing Public Key Credentials Level 1' specification") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`authenticatorData`]3987 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`signature`]3988 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`userHandle`]3989 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[apowers313]3991 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Apr 5, 2018, 5:18:38 PM</time>


