---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/AuthenticatorAttestationResponse
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]3992 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]3993 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2555#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.




When a[WebAuthn]3978 "")authenticator creates a new[PublicKeyCredential]3980 "")via a[create()]3995 "")call, the[`PublicKeyCredential.response`]3981 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")value will be an AuthenticatorAttestationResponse object. This object contains two properties: 1) a clientDataJSON property inherited from[AuthenticatorResponse]3996 ""); and 2) an attestationObject that is an authenticator&#39;s way of providing a root of trust for the newly created keypair.


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>AuthenticatorAttestationResponse.clientDataJSON</dt><dd>Inherited from[`AuthenticatorResponse.clientDataJSON`]3982 "The clientDataJSON object is an ArrayBuffer containing a JSON String of the various browser data that was used for the WebAuthn create() or get() call. It is included in both an AuthenticatorAttestationResponse and an AuthenticatorAssertionResponse within a PublicKeyCredential. The reason for storing the data as a ArrayBuffer rather than a String or an actual JavaScript object is that the object is effectively signed over by the authenticator, and if the order of the properties of the JavaScript object were not preserved then the signature verification would fail."). Includes the client data for the authentication, such as origin and challenge.</dd><dt>[`AuthenticatorAttestationResponse.attestationObject`]3997 "As part of the WebAuthn create() call, an authenticator will create a new keypair as well as an attestationObject for that keypair. The attestationObject contains the new public key, as well as signature over the entire attestationObject with a private key that is stored in the authenticator when it is manufactured. The public key that corresponds to the private key that has created the attestation signature is well known; however, there are various well known attestation public key chains for different ecosystems (for example, Android or TPM attestations).")</dt><dd>An authenticator&#39;s cryptographic attestation that a newly generated keypair was created by that authenticator.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


None.


## Examples<a name="Examples"></a>


TBD


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Authentication: An API for accessing Public Key Credentials Level 1]3986 "The 'Web Authentication: An API for accessing Public Key Credentials Level 1' specification") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`attestationObject`]3998 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>65<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr><abbr>Disabled<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd><dt><abbr>User must explicitly enable this feature.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>User must explicitly enable this feature.</dd></dl>



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),[apowers313]3991 "")
**最后编辑者:**[ExE-Boss]3990 ""),<time>Apr 5, 2018, 5:19:43 PM</time>


