---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/BiquadFilterNode
---



这篇翻译不完整。请帮忙从英语[翻译这篇文章](%4118 "")。






`BiquadFilterNode接口表示一个简单低阶滤波器(双二阶滤波器)`, 通过[`AudioContext.createBiquadFilter()`](%3791 "一个 BiquadFilterNode.")方法创建. 它是一个能表示不同类型的过滤器，声调控制设备，图形均衡器的[`AudioNode`](%2549 "AudioNode 接口是一个处理音频的通用模块, 比如一个音频源 (e.g. 一个 HTML <audio> or <video> 元素), 一个音频地址或者一个中间处理模块 (e.g. 一个过滤器如 BiquadFilterNode, 或一个音量控制器如 GainNode).").一个`BiquadFilterNode(`双二阶滤波器`)`总是恰好有一个输入和一个输出.


Number of inputs | `1` 
Number of outputs | `1` 
Channel count mode | `"max"` 
Channel count | `2`(not used in the default count mode) 
Channel interpretation | `"speakers"` 


## 属性<a name="属性"></a>


<em>继承属性自父级的</em><em>[`AudioNode`](%2549 "AudioNode 接口是一个处理音频的通用模块, 比如一个音频源 (e.g. 一个 HTML <audio> or <video> 元素), 一个音频地址或者一个中间处理模块 (e.g. 一个过滤器如 BiquadFilterNode, 或一个音量控制器如 GainNode).")</em>.

<dl><dt>[`BiquadFilterNode.frequency`](%4119 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is an[a-rate](%3760 "")[`AudioParam`](%2551 "下面有两种类型的 AudioParam, a-rate 和 k-rate 参数："), a double representing a frequency in the current filtering algorithm measured in hertz (Hz).</dd><dt>[`BiquadFilterNode.detune`](%4120 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is an[a-rate](%3760 "")[`AudioParam`](%2551 "下面有两种类型的 AudioParam, a-rate 和 k-rate 参数：")representing detuning of the frequency in[cents](%3755 "").</dd><dt>[`BiquadFilterNode.Q`](%4121 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>Is an[a-rate](%3760 "")[`AudioParam`](%2551 "下面有两种类型的 AudioParam, a-rate 和 k-rate 参数："), a double representing a[Q factor](%4122 "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q_factor"), or<em>quality factor</em>.</dd><dt>[`BiquadFilterNode.gain`](%4123 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")只读</dt><dd>Is an[a-rate](%3760 "")[`AudioParam`](%2551 "下面有两种类型的 AudioParam, a-rate 和 k-rate 参数："), a double representing the[gain](%4124 "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gain")used in the current filtering algorithm.</dd><dt>[`BiquadFilterNode.type`](%4125 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>节点实现定义不同过滤算法的一个字符串值.<br></br>
**The meaning of the different parameters depending of the type of the filter (detune has the same meaning regardless, so isn't listed below)**

`type` | Description | `frequency` | `Q` | `gain` 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
`lowpass` | Standard second-order resonant lowpass filter with 12dB/octave rolloff. Frequencies below the cutoff pass through; frequencies above it are attenuated. | The cutoff frequency. | Indicates how peaked the frequency is around the cutoff. The greater the value is, the greater is the peak. | <em>Not used</em> 
`highpass` | Standard second-order resonant highpass filter with 12dB/octave rolloff. Frequencies below the cutoff are attenuated; frequencies above it pass through. | The cutoff frequency. | Indicates how peaked the frequency is around the cutoff. The greater the value, the greater the peak. | <em>Not used</em> 
`bandpass` | Standard second-order bandpass filter. Frequencies outside the given range of frequencies are attenuated; the frequencies inside it pass through. | The center of the range of frequencies. | Controls the width of the frequency band. The greater the`Q`value, the smaller the frequency band. | <em>Not used</em> 
`lowshelf` | Standard second-order lowshelf filer. Frequencies lower than the frequency get a boost, or an attenuation; frequencies over it are unchanged. | The upper limit of the frequencies getting a boost or an attenuation. | <em>Not used</em> | The boost, in dB, to be applied; if negative, it will be an attenuation. 
`highshelf` | Standard second-order highshelf filer. Frequencies higher than the frequency get a boost or an attenuation; frequencies lower than it are unchanged. | The lower limit of the frequencies getting a boost or an attenuation. | <em>Not used</em> | The boost, in dB, to be applied; if negative, it will be an attenuation. 
`peaking` | Frequencies inside the range get a boost or an attenuation; frequencies outside it are unchanged. | The middle of the frequency range getting a boost or an attenuation. | Controls the width of the frequency band. The greater the`Q`value, the smaller the frequency band. | The boost, in dB, to be applied; if negative, it will be an attenuation. 
`notch` | Standard[notch](%4126 "/en-US/docs/")filter, also called a<em>band-stop</em>or<em>band-rejection</em>filter. It is the opposite of a bandpass filter: frequencies outside the give range of frequencies pass through; frequencies inside it are attenuated. | The center of the range of frequencies. | Controls the width of the frequency band. The greater the`Q`value, the smaller the frequency band. | <em>Not used</em> 
`allpass` | Standard second-order[allpass](%4127 "/en-US/docs/")filter. It lets all frequencies through, but changes the phase-relationship between the various frequencies. | The frequency with the maximal[group delay](%4128 "/en-US/docs/"), that is, the frequency where the center of the phase transition occurs. | Controls how sharp the transition is at the medium frequency. The larger this parameter is, the sharper and larger the transition will be. | <em>Not used</em> 

</dd></dl>
## 方法<a name="方法"></a>


<em>继承方法自父级的[`AudioNode`](%2549 "AudioNode 接口是一个处理音频的通用模块, 比如一个音频源 (e.g. 一个 HTML <audio> or <video> 元素), 一个音频地址或者一个中间处理模块 (e.g. 一个过滤器如 BiquadFilterNode, 或一个音量控制器如 GainNode).")</em>.

<dl><dt>[`BiquadFilterNode.getFrequencyResponse()`](%4129 "此页面仍未被本地化, 期待您的翻译!")</dt><dd>From the current filter parameter settings this method calculates the frequency response for frequencies specified in the provided array of frequencies.</dd></dl>
## 例子<a name="例子"></a>


The following example shows basic usage of an AudioContext to create a Biquad filter node. For a complete working example, check out our[voice-change-o-matic](%3430 "")demo (look at the[source code](%4130 "")too).


```
var audioCtx = new (window.AudioContext || window.webkitAudioContext)();

//set up the different audio nodes we will use for the app
var analyser = audioCtx.createAnalyser();
var distortion = audioCtx.createWaveShaper();
var gainNode = audioCtx.createGain();
var biquadFilter = audioCtx.createBiquadFilter();
var convolver = audioCtx.createConvolver();

// connect the nodes together

source = audioCtx.createMediaStreamSource(stream);
source.connect(analyser);
analyser.connect(distortion);
distortion.connect(biquadFilter);
biquadFilter.connect(convolver);
convolver.connect(gainNode);
gainNode.connect(audioCtx.destination);

// Manipulate the Biquad filter

biquadFilter.type = "lowshelf";
biquadFilter.frequency.setValueAtTime(1000, audioCtx.currentTime);
biquadFilter.gain.setValueAtTime(25, audioCtx.currentTime);
```

## 规范<a name="规范"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Audio API<br></br><small>BiquadFilterNode</small>](%4131 "") | Working Draft |  


## 浏览器兼容性<a name="浏览器兼容性"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format](%3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!](%3392 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 50 | [25.0](%3679 "Released on 2013-10-29.")(25.0) | 未实现 | 15.0[webkit](%3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'webkit' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>22 (unprefixed) | 6.0[webkit](%3568 "The name of this feature is prefixed with 'webkit' as this browser considers it experimental") 





## 相关内容<a name="相关内容"></a>

* [Using the Web Audio API](%3811 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**此页面的贡献者：**[huangxok](%3914 ""),[WhiteMind](%3446 "")
**最后编辑者:**[huangxok](%3914 ""),<time>May 18, 2017, 1:48:06 AM</time>


