---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4247 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4248 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The`BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor`interface of the[Web Bluetooth API]4184 "")provides a GATT Descriptor, which provides further information about a characteristic’s value.



In earlier versions of the spec, this was called`BluetoothGATTDescriptor`.



## Interface<a name="Interface"></a>

```
interface BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor {
  readonly attribute BluetoothGATTCharacteristic characteristic;
  readonly attribute UUID uuid;
  readonly attribute ArrayBuffer? value;
  Promise<ArrayBuffer> readValue();
  Promise<void> writeValue(BufferSource value);
};
```

## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>
<dl><dt>[`BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.characteristic`]4249 "The BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.characteristic read-only property returns the BluetoothRemoteGATTCharacteristic this descriptor belongs to.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the[`BluetoothRemoteGATTCharacteristic`]4230 "The BluetoothRemoteGattCharacteristic interface of the Web Bluetooth API represents a GATT Characteristic, which is a basic data element that provides further information about a peripheral’s service.")this descriptor belongs to.</dd><dt>[`BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.uuid`]4250 "The BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.uuid read-only property returns the UUID of the characteristic descriptor, for example '00002902-0000-1000-8000-00805f9b34fb' for theClient Characteristic Configuration descriptor.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the UUID of the characteristic descriptor, for example &#39;`00002902-0000-1000-8000-00805f9b34fb`&#39; for theClient Characteristic Configuration descriptor.</dd><dt>[`BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.value`]4251 "The BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.value read-only property returns an ArrayBuffer containing the currently cached descriptor value. This value gets updated when the value of the descriptor is read.")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the currently cached descriptor value. This value gets updated when the value of the descriptor is read.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.readValue()`]4252 "The BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.readValue() method returns a Promise that resolves to an ArrayBuffer holding a duplicate  of the value property if it is available and supported. Otherwise it throws an error.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.")that resolves to an[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")holding a duplicate of the`value`property if it is available and supported. Otherwise it throws an error.</dd><dt>[`BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.writeValue()`]4253 "The BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor.writeValue() method sets the value property to the bytes contained in an ArrayBuffer and returns a Promise.")</dt><dd>Sets the value property to the bytes contained in an[`ArrayBuffer`]3603 "The ArrayBuffer object is used to represent a generic, fixed-length raw binary data buffer. You cannot directly manipulate the contents of an ArrayBuffer; instead, you create one of the typed array objects or a DataView object which represents the buffer in a specific format, and use that to read and write the contents of the buffer.")and returns a[`Promise`]4237 "The Promise object represents the eventual completion (or failure) of an asynchronous operation, and its resulting value.").</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Web Bluetooth<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor&#39; in that specification.</small>]4254 "") | Draft | Initial definition. 


## Browser Compatibility<a name="Browser_Compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`characteristic`]4255 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`uuid`]4256 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`value`]4257 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`readValue`]4258 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`writeValue`]4259 "")<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>44 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd></dl>





## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Bluetooth]4208 "")
* [BluetoothGattDescriptor]4260 "")
* [BluetoothRemoteGATTDescriptor]4261 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Web Bluetooth API]4211 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 20, 2018, 1:05:30 AM</time>


