---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/BroadcastChannel
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4329 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4330 "")版。</bdi>






The`**BroadcastChannel**`interface represents a named channel that any[browsing context]4331 "browsing context: A browsing context is the environment in which a browser displays a Document (normally a tab nowadays, but possibly also a window or a frame within a page).")of a given[origin]4332 "origin: Web content's origin is defined by the scheme (protocol), host (domain), and port of the URL used to access it. Two objects have the same origin only when the scheme, host, and port all match.")can subscribe to. It allows communication between different documents (in different windows, tabs, frames or iframes) of the same origin. Messages are broadcasted via a`[message]4333 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/message")`event fired at all`BroadcastChannel`objects listening to the channel.

**Note:**This feature is available in[Web Workers]4334 "").

## Constructor<a name="Constructor"></a>
<dl><dt>[`BroadcastChannel()`]4335 "The BroadcastChannel() constructor creates a new BroadcastChannel and connects it to the underlying channel.")</dt><dd>Creates an object linking to the named channel.</dd></dl>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent,[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`BroadcastChannel.name`]4336 "The read-only BroadcastChannel.name property returns a DOMString, which uniquely identifies the given channel with its name. This name is passed to the BroadcastChannel() constructor at creation time and is therefore read-only.")</dt><dd>Returns a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String."), the name of the channel.</dd><dt>
### Event handlers<a name="Event_handlers"></a>
</dt><dt>[`BroadcastChannel.onmessage`]4337 "The BroadcastChannel.onmessage event handler is a property that specifies the function to execute when a message event, of type MessageEvent, is received by this BroadcastChannel. Such an event is sent by the browser with a message broadcasted to the channel.")</dt><dd>An[`EventHandler`]4338 "A possible way to get notified of Events of a particular type (such as click) for a given object is to specify an event handler using:")property that specifies the function to execute when a`[message]4333 "/en-US/docs/Web/Events/message")`event is fired on this object.</dd><dt>[`BroadcastChannel.onmessageerror`]4339 "The onmessageerror event handler of the BroadcastChannel interface is an EventListener, called whenever an MessageEvent of type messageerror is fired on the BroadcastChannel instance — that is, when it receives a message that cannot be deserialized.")</dt><dd>An[`EventHandler`]4338 "A possible way to get notified of Events of a particular type (such as click) for a given object is to specify an event handler using:")called when a[`MessageEvent`]4340 "The MessageEvent interface represents a message received by a target object.")of type[`MessageError`]4341 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")is fired—that is, when it receives a message that cannot be deserialized.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits methods from its parent,[`EventTarget`]3944 "EventTarget is an interface implemented by objects that can receive events and may have listeners for them.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`BroadcastChannel.postMessage()`]4342 "The BroadcastChannel.postMessage() sends a message, which can be of any kind of Object, to each listener in any browser context with the same origin. The message is transmitted as a message event targeted at each BroadcastChannel bound to the channel.")</dt><dd>Sends the message, of any type of object, to each`BroadcastChannel`object listening to the same channel.</dd><dt>[`BroadcastChannel.close()`]4343 "The BroadcastChannel.close() terminates the connection to the underlying channel, allowing the object to be garbage collected. This is a necessary step to perform as there is no other way for a browser to know that this channel is not needed anymore.")</dt><dd>Closes the channel object, indicating it won&#39;t get any new messages, and allowing it to be, eventually, garbage collected.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[HTML Living Standard<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;BroadcastChannel&#39; in that specification.</small>]4344 "") | Living Standard | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`BroadcastChannel()`constructor]4345 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`name`]4346 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`onmessage`]4347 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`onmessageerror`]4348 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>57 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>60 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No 
[`close`]4349 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 
[`postMessage`]4350 "") | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>38 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>54 | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>41 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>6.0 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* Another, more heavyweight, way of communicating between browser contexts:[`ServiceWorker`]4351 "The ServiceWorker interface of the ServiceWorker API provides a reference to a service worker. Multiple browsing contexts (e.g. pages, workers, etc.) can be associated with the same service worker, each through a unique ServiceWorker object.").
* [Broadcast Channel API overview]4352 "")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Broadcast Channel API]4353 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [HTML API]4354 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[mkato]4355 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Feb 15, 2018, 2:20:06 AM</time>


