---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CSSCounterStyleRule
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4439 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4440 "")版。</bdi>






The**`CSSCounterStyleRule`**[interface]4441 "The definition of that term (interface) has not been written yet; please consider contributing it!")represents an[`@counter-style`]4442 "The @counter-style CSS at-rule lets you define counter styles that are not part of the predefined set of styles. An @counter-style rule defines how to convert a counter value into a string representation.")[at-rule]4443 "").


## Inheritance<a name="Inheritance"></a>


This interface inherits from the following parent interfaces:

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSCounterStyleRule$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1374113' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>This interface also inherits properties from its parent[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below.").</em>

<dl><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.name`]4444 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`<counter-style-name>`]4445 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")defined for the associated rule.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.system`]4446 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`system`]4447 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.symbols`]4448 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`symbols`]4449 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.additiveSymbols`]4450 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`additive-symbols`]4451 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.negative`]4452 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`negative`]4453 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.prefix`]4454 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`prefix`]4455 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.suffix`]4456 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`suffix`]4457 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.range`]4458 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`range`]4459 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.pad`]4460 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`pad`]4461 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.speakAs`]4462 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`speak-as`]4463 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd><dt>[`CSSCounterStyleRule.fallback`]4464 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Is a[`DOMString`]3945 "DOMString is a UTF-16 String. As JavaScript already uses such strings, DOMString is mapped directly to a String.")object that contains the serialization of the[`fallback`]4465 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")descriptor defined for the associated rule. If the descriptor was not specified in the associated rule, the attribute returns an empty string.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


<em>This interface doesn&#39;t implement any specific method but inherits methods from its parent[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below.").</em>


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Counter Styles Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSCounterStyleRule&#39; in that specification.</small>]4466 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>33 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`@counter-style`]4442 "The @counter-style CSS at-rule lets you define counter styles that are not part of the predefined set of styles. An @counter-style rule defines how to convert a counter value into a string representation.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSS Counter Styles]4467 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[upsuper]4469 ""),[Jeremie]4470 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[teoli]160 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:30:50 AM</time>


