---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CSSGroupingRule
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4471 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4429 "")版。</bdi>






An object implementing the**`CSSGroupingRule`**interface represents any CSS at-rule that contains other rules nested within it.



Objects deriving from it :


* [`CSSConditionRule`]4428 "An object implementing the CSSConditionRule interface represents a single condition CSS at-rule, which consists of a condition and a statement block. It is a child of CSSGroupingRule.")and its children:[`CSSMediaRule`]4430 "The CSSMediaRule is an interface representing a single CSS @media rule. It implements the CSSConditionRule interface, and therefore the CSSGroupingRule and the CSSRule interface with a type value of 4 (CSSRule.MEDIA_RULE)."),[`CSSSupportsRule`]4431 "The CSSSupportsRule interface describes an object representing a single CSS @supports at-rule. It implements the CSSConditionRule interface, and therefore the CSSRule and CSSGroupingRule interfaces with a type value of 12 (CSSRule.SUPPORTS_RULE)."), and[`CSSDocumentRule`]4472 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!").
* [`CSSPageRule`]4473 "CSSPageRule is an interface representing a single CSS @page rule. It implements the CSSRule interface with a type value of 6 (CSSRule.PAGE_RULE).")

## Syntax<a name="Properties"></a>


The syntax is described using the[WebIDL]4432 "http://dev.w3.org/2006/webapi/WebIDL/")format.


```
interface CSSGroupingRule : CSSRule {
    readonly attribute CSSRuleList cssRules;
    unsigned long insertRule (DOMString rule, unsigned long index);
    void deleteRule (unsigned long index);
}
```

## Properties common to all CSSGroupingRule instances<a name="Properties_common_to_all_CSSGroupingRule_instances"></a>


The`CSSGroupingRule`derives from[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below.")and inherits all properties of this class. It has one specific property:

<dl><dt>[`CSSGroupingRule.cssRules`]4474 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`CSSRuleList`]4475 "A CSSRuleList is an (indirect-modify only) array-like object containing an ordered collection of CSSRule objects.")of the CSS rules in the media rule.</dd></dl>
## Methods common to all CSSGroupingRule instances<a name="Methods_common_to_all_CSSGroupingRule_instances"></a>


The`CSSGroupingRule`derives from[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below.")and inherits all methods of this class. It has two specific methods:

<dl><dt>[`CSSGroupingRule.deleteRule`]4476 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Deletes a rule from the style sheet.</dd><dt>[`CSSGroupingRule.insertRule`]4477 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Inserts a new style rule into the current style sheet.</dd></dl>
## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Conditional Rules Module Level 3<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSGroupingRule&#39; in that specification.</small>]4478 "") | Candidate Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>20 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>45 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>Full support</abbr>20 | <abbr>Full support</abbr>32 | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd></dl>

## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using dynamic styling information]4436 "en/DOM/Using_dynamic_styling_information")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSOM]4437 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[mfluehr]4438 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Apr 13, 2018, 4:31:31 AM</time>


