---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CSSKeyframeRule
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4479 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4480 "")版。</bdi>






**This is an[experimental technology]3404 "")**<br></br>Check the[Browser compatibility table](%2586#Browser_compatibility "")carefully before using this in production.





The**`CSSKeyframeRule`**interface describes an object representing a set of style for a given keyframe. It corresponds to the contains of a single keyframe of a[`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.")[at-rule]4483 ""). It implements the[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below.")interface with a type value of`8`(`CSSRule.KEYFRAME_RULE`).


## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


As a[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below."),`CSSKeyframeRule`also implements the properties of these interfaces. It has two specific properties:

<dl><dt>[`CSSKeyframe.keyText`]4484 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Represents the key of the keyframe, like`'10%'`,`'75%'`. The`from`keyword maps to`'0%'`and the`to`keyword maps to`'100%'`.</dd><dt>[`CSSKeyframe.style`]4485 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns a[`CSSStyleDeclaration`]4486 "CSSStyleDeclaration represents a collection of CSS property-value pairs. It is used in a few APIs:")of the CSS style associated with the keyfrom.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


As a[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below."),`CSSKeyframeRule`also implements the methods of that interface. It has no specific methods.


## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Animations<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSKeyframeRule&#39; in that specification.</small>]4487 "") | Working Draft | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | (Yes) | (Yes) | [5.0]4488 "Released on 2011-06-21.")(5.0)[-moz]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-moz' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>[48]4490 "Released on 2016-08-02.")(48) | 10 | 12[-o]4489 "The name of this feature is prefixed with '-o' as this browser considers it experimental")<br></br>12.50<sup>[1]</sup> | 4.0 





[1] See[the blog post to Opera 12.50]4491 "").


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`@keyframes`]4482 "The @keyframes CSS at-rule controls the intermediate steps in a CSS animation sequence by defining styles for keyframes (or waypoints) along the animation sequence.")
* [`CSSKeyFramesRule`]4492 "The CSSKeyframesRule interface describes an object representing a complete set of keyframes for a CSS animation. It corresponds to the contains of a whole @keyframes at-rule. It implements the CSSRule interface with a type value of 7 (CSSRule.KEYFRAMES_RULE).")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSS Animations]4493 "")
* [CSSOM]4437 "")
* [Experimental]3379 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[ttromey]4494 ""),[Sheppy]405 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 "")
**最后编辑者:**[erikadoyle]3894 ""),<time>Nov 28, 2016, 2:22:26 PM</time>


