---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CSSPageRule
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4546 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4473 "")版。</bdi>






**`CSSPageRule`**is an interface representing a single CSS[`@page`]4547 "The @page CSS at-rule is used to modify some CSS properties when printing a document. You can't change all CSS properties with @page. You can only change the margins, orphans, widows, and page breaks of the document. Attempts to change any other CSS properties will be ignored.")rule. It implements the[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below.")interface with a type value of`6`(`CSSRule.PAGE_RULE`).


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>


The syntax is described using the[WebIDL]4548 "")format.


```
interface CSSPageRule : CSSRule {
  attribute DOMString selectorText;
  readonly attribute CSSStyleDeclaration style;
};

```

## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


As a[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below."),`CSSPageRule`also implements the properties of this interface. It has the following specific properties:

<dl><dt>[`CSSPageRule.selectorText`]4549 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")</dt><dd>Represents the text of the page selector associated with the at-rule.</dd><dt>[`CSSPageRule.style`]4550 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")Read only</dt><dd>Returns the declaration block associated with the at-rule.</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>


As a[`CSSRule`]4433 "The CSSRule interface represents a single CSS rule. There are several types of rules, listed in the Type constants section below."),`CSSPageRule`also implements the methods of that interface. It has no specific methods.


## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[CSS Object Model (CSSOM)<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSPageRule&#39; in that specification.</small>]4551 "") | Working Draft | No changes from[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Style Specification]4524 "The 'Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Style Specification' specification") 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Style Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSPageRule&#39; in that specification.</small>]4552 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 
Feature | Chrome | Edge | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | 45.0 | (Yes) | [19]4553 "Released on 2013-02-19.")(19) | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) 
`selectorText` | (Yes) | (Yes) | No support | (Yes) | (Yes) | (Yes) 






## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSOM]4437 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[arronei]3893 ""),[erikadoyle]3894 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 ""),[fscholz]60 ""),[jpmedley]3413 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Sheppy]405 "")
**最后编辑者:**[arronei]3893 ""),<time>Jan 25, 2017, 9:18:19 AM</time>


