---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/CSSPrimitiveValue
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]4554 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]4555 "")版。</bdi>






The`**CSSPrimitiveValue**`interface derives from the[`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")interface and represents the current computed value of a CSS property.



This interface represents a single CSS value. It may be used to determine the value of a specific style property currently set in a block or to set a specific style property explicitly within the block. An instance of this interface might be obtained from the[`getPropertyCSSValue()`]4557 "The CSSStyleDeclaration.getPropertyCSSValue() method interface returns a CSSValue containing the CSS value for a property.")method of the[`CSSStyleDeclaration`]4486 "CSSStyleDeclaration represents a collection of CSS property-value pairs. It is used in a few APIs:")interface. A`CSSPrimitiveValue`object only occurs in a context of a CSS property.



Conversions are allowed between absolute values (from millimeters to centimeters, from degrees to radians, and so on) but not between relative values. (For example, a pixel value cannot be converted to a centimeter value.) Percentage values can&#39;t be converted since they are relative to the parent value (or another property value). There is one exception for color percentage values: since a color percentage value is relative to the range 0-255, a color percentage value can be converted to a number (see also the[`RGBColor`]4558 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")interface).

<iframe src='https://mdn.mozillademos.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CSSPrimitiveValue$samples/inheritance_diagram?revision=1392201' width='600' height='70'></iframe>
## Properties<a name="Properties"></a>


<em>Inherits properties from its parent,`[`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")`</em>.

<dl><dt>[`CSSPrimitiveValue.primitiveType`]4559 "The primitiveType read-only property of the CSSPrimitiveValue interface represents the type of a CSS value.")Read only</dt><dd>An`unsigned short`representing the type of the value. Possible values are:Constant | Description 
`CSS_ATTR` | The value is an[`attr()`]4560 "REDIRECT attr [en-US]")function. The value can be obtained by using the`getStringValue()`method. 
`CSS_CM` | The value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")in centimeters. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_COUNTER` | The value is a[counter or counters]4562 "")function. The value can be obtained by using the`getCounterValue()`method. 
`CSS_DEG` | The value is an[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")in degrees. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_DIMENSION` | The value is a[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component.")with an unknown dimension. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_EMS` | The value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")in em units. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_EXS` | The value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")in ex units. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_GRAD` | The value is an[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")in grads. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_HZ` | The value is a[`<frequency>`]4565 "The <frequency> CSS data type represents a frequency dimension, such as the pitch of a speaking voice. It is not currently used in any CSS properties.")in Hertz. The value can be obtained by using the getFloatValue method. 
`CSS_IDENT` | The value is an identifier. The value can be obtained by using the`getStringValue()`method. 
`CSS_IN` | The value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")in inches. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_KHZ` | The value is a[`<frequency>`]4565 "The <frequency> CSS data type represents a frequency dimension, such as the pitch of a speaking voice. It is not currently used in any CSS properties.")in Kilohertz. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_MM` | The value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")in millimeters. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_MS` | The value is a[`<time>`]4566 "The <time> CSS data type represents a time value expressed in seconds or milliseconds. It is used in animation, transition, and related properties.")in milliseconds. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_NUMBER` | The value is a simple[`<number>`]4564 "The <number> CSS data type represents a number, being either an integer or a number with a fractional component."). The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_PC` | The value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")in picas. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_PERCENTAGE` | The value is a[`<percentage>`]4567 "The <percentage> CSS data type represents a percentage value. It is often used to define a size as relative to an element's parent object. Numerous properties can use percentages, such as width, height, margin, padding, and font-size."). The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_PT` | The value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")in points. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_PX` | The value is a[`<length>`]4561 "The <length> CSS data type represents a distance value. Lengths can be used in numerous CSS properties, such as width, height, margin, padding, border-width, font-size, and text-shadow.")in pixels. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_RAD` | The value is an[`<angle>`]4563 "The <angle> CSS data type represents an angle value expressed in degrees, gradians, radians, or turns. It is used, for example, in <gradient>s and in some transform functions.")in radians. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_RECT` | The value is a[`rect()`]4568 "")function. The value can be obtained by using the`getRectValue()`method. 
`CSS_RGBCOLOR` | The value is an[`<color>`]4569 "The <color> CSS data type represents a color in the sRGB color space. A <color> may also include an alpha-channel transparency value, indicating how the color should composite with its background."). The value can be obtained by using the`getRGBColorValue()`method. 
`CSS_S` | The value is a[`<time>`]4566 "The <time> CSS data type represents a time value expressed in seconds or milliseconds. It is used in animation, transition, and related properties.")in seconds. The value can be obtained by using the`getFloatValue()`method. 
`CSS_STRING` | The value is a[`<string>`]4570 "The <string> CSS data type represents a sequence of characters. Strings are used in numerous CSS properties, such as content, font-family, and quotes."). The value can be obtained by using the`getStringValue()`method. 
`CSS_UNKNOWN` | The value is not a recognized CSS2 value. The value can only be obtained by using the[`cssText`]4571 "The cssText property of the CSSValue interface represents the current computed CSS property value.")attribute. 
`CSS_URI` | The value is a[`<uri>`]4572 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!"). The value can be obtained by using the`getStringValue()`method. 

</dd></dl>
## Methods<a name="Methods"></a>
<dl><dt>[`CSSPrimitiveValue.getCounterValue()`]4573 "The getCounterValue() method of the CSSPrimitiveValue interface is used to get the counter value. If this CSS value doesn't contain a counter value, a DOMException is raised. Modification to the corresponding style property can be achieved using the Counter interface.")</dt><dd>This method is used to get the[counter]4562 "")value. If this CSS value doesn&#39;t contain a counter value, a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")is raised. Modification to the corresponding style property can be achieved using the[`Counter`]4574 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")interface.</dd><dt>[`CSSPrimitiveValue.getFloatValue()`]4575 "The getFloatValue() method of the CSSPrimitiveValue interface is used to get a float value in a specified unit. If this CSS value doesn't contain a float value or can't be converted into the specified unit, a DOMException is raised.")</dt><dd>This method is used to get a float value in a specified unit. If this CSS value doesn&#39;t contain a float value or can&#39;t be converted into the specified unit, a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")is raised.</dd><dt>[`CSSPrimitiveValue.getRGBColorValue()`]4576 "The getRGBColorValue() method of the CSSPrimitiveValue interface is used to get an RGB color value. If this CSS value doesn't contain a RGB color value, a DOMException is raised. Modification to the corresponding style property can be achieved using the RGBColor interface.")</dt><dd>This method is used to get the RGB color. If this CSS value doesn&#39;t contain a RGB color value, a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")is raised. Modification to the corresponding style property can be achieved using the[`RGBColor`]4558 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")interface.</dd><dt>[`CSSPrimitiveValue.getRectValue()`]4577 "The getRectValue() method of the CSSPrimitiveValue interface is used to get a rect value. If this CSS value doesn't contain a rect value, a DOMException is raised. Modification to the corresponding style property can be achieved using the Rect interface.")</dt><dd>This method is used to get the Rect value. If this CSS value doesn&#39;t contain a rect value, a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")is raised. Modification to the corresponding style property can be achieved using the[`Rect`]4578 "The documentation about this has not yet been written; please consider contributing!")interface.</dd><dt>[`CSSPrimitiveValue.getStringValue()`]4579 "The getStringValue() method of the CSSPrimitiveValue interface is used to get a string value. If this CSS value doesn't contain a string value, a DOMException is raised.")</dt><dd>This method is used to get the string value. If the CSS value doesn&#39;t contain a string value, a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")is raised.</dd><dt>[`CSSPrimitiveValue.setFloatValue()`]4580 "The setFloatValue() method of the CSSPrimitiveValue interface is used to set a float value. If the property attached to this value can't accept the specified unit or the float value, the value will be unchanged and a DOMException will be raised.")</dt><dd>A method to set the float value with a specified unit. If the property attached with this value can not accept the specified unit or the float value, the value will be unchanged and a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")will be raised.</dd><dt>[`CSSPrimitiveValue.setStringValue()`]4581 "The setStringValue() method of the CSSPrimitiveValue interface is used to set a string value. If the property attached to this value can't accept the specified unit or the string value, the value will be unchanged and a DOMException will be raised.")</dt><dd>A method to set the string value with the specified unit. If the property attached to this value can&#39;t accept the specified unit or the string value, the value will be unchanged and a[`DOMException`]4502 "The DOMException interface represents an abnormal event (called an exception) which occurs as a result of calling a method or accessing a property of a web API.")will be raised.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>
Specification | Status | Comment 
[Document Object Model (DOM) Level 2 Style Specification<br></br><small>The definition of &#39;CSSPrimitiveValue&#39; in that specification.</small>]4582 "") | Obsolete | Initial definition 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")
<abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
<abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`primitiveType`]4583 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getCounterValue`]4584 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getFloatValue`]4585 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getRGBColorValue`]4586 "")<abbr>Experimental<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getRectValue`]4587 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`getStringValue`]4588 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`setFloatValue`]4589 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 
[`setStringValue`]4590 "") | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>Full support</abbr>Yes | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt><abbr>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Experimental. Expect behavior to change in the future.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [`CSSValue`]4556 "The CSSValue interface represents the current computed value of a CSS property.")
* [`CSSValueList`]4591 "The CSSValueList interface derives from the CSSValue interface and provides the abstraction of an ordered collection of CSS values.")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [CSSPrimitiveValue]4592 "")
* [Interface]3380 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[fscholz]60 ""),[Sebastianz]4468 "")
**最后编辑者:**[fscholz]60 ""),<time>Jun 29, 2018, 3:10:36 AM</time>


