---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLIFrameElement/stop
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]27596 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]27597 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The`stop()`method of the[`HTMLIFrameElement`]27592 "The HTMLIFrameElement interface provides special properties and methods (beyond those of the HTMLElement interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of inline frame elements.")interface is used to stop loading the content of the[`<iframe>`]24626 "The HTML <iframe> element represents a nested browsing context, effectively embedding another HTML page into the current page. In HTML 4.01, a document may contain a head and a body or a head and a frameset, but not both a body and a frameset. However, an <iframe> can be used within a normal document body. Each browsing context has its own session history and active document. The browsing context that contains the embedded content is called the parent browsing context. The top-level browsing context (which has no parent) is typically the browser window.").


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
instanceOfHTMLIframeElement.stop();
```

### Returns<a name="Specification"></a>


Void.


### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>


None.


## Examples<a name="Specification"></a>

```
stopReload.addEventListener('touchend',function() {
  if(stopReload.textContent === 'x') {
    browser.stop();
  } else {
    browser.reload();
  }
});
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari (WebKit) 
Basic support | No support | [47]16303 "Released on 2016-06-07.")(47)<sup>[1]</sup> | No support | No support | No support 






[1] Supported in chrome code only.


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Browser API]27593 "/en-US/docs/WebAPI/Browser")



## 文档标签和贡献者
**标签：**
* [API]50 "")
* [Browser]27594 "")
* [HTML DOM]6889 "")
* [HTMLIFrameElement]27588 "")
* [Method]14476 "")
* [Non-standard]4210 "")
* [Reference]3381 "")
* [Référence(2)]3892 "")
* [stop]27598 "")

**此页面的贡献者：**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),[teoli]160 ""),[ajaybhat]27524 ""),[kscarfone]3900 ""),[Jeremie]4470 "")
**最后编辑者:**[chrisdavidmills]3495 ""),<time>Jun 5, 2017, 6:56:09 AM</time>


