---
manual:WebAPI
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/API/HTMLIFrameElement/setVisible
---



<bdi>我们的志愿者还没有将这篇文章翻译为<bdi>中文 (简体)</bdi>。[加入我们帮助完成翻译]27628 "")<br></br>您也可以阅读此文章的[English (US)]27629 "")版。</bdi>






**Non-standard**<br></br>This feature is non-standard and is not on a standards track. Do not use it on production sites facing the Web: it will not work for every user. There may also be large incompatibilities between implementations and the behavior may change in the future.




The`setVisible()`method of the[`HTMLIFrameElement`]27592 "The HTMLIFrameElement interface provides special properties and methods (beyond those of the HTMLElement interface it also has available to it by inheritance) for manipulating the layout and presentation of inline frame elements.")is used to change the visibility state of the browser[`<iframe>`]24626 "The HTML Inline Frame element (<iframe>) represents a nested browsing context, effectively embedding another HTML page into the current page.").



The visible state of a browser[`<iframe>`]24626 "The HTML Inline Frame element (<iframe>) represents a nested browsing context, effectively embedding another HTML page into the current page.")has nothing to do with its actual visibility (which is handled through CSS). The visible state is used to define the level of resources required by the browser[`<iframe>`]24626 "The HTML Inline Frame element (<iframe>) represents a nested browsing context, effectively embedding another HTML page into the current page."). If the visible state is set to`true`, it means that the browser[`<iframe>`]24626 "The HTML Inline Frame element (<iframe>) represents a nested browsing context, effectively embedding another HTML page into the current page.")should have high priority over the resources needed to render and handle its content. On the contrary, if its visible state is set to`false`, it has low priority over the resources it needs.



As an example, if the content of a browser[`<iframe>`]24626 "The HTML Inline Frame element (<iframe>) represents a nested browsing context, effectively embedding another HTML page into the current page.")uses the[`window.requestAnimationFrame`]16394 "You should call this method whenever you're ready to update your animation onscreen. This will request that your animation function be called before the browser performs the next repaint. The number of callbacks is usually 60 times per second, but will generally match the display refresh rate in most web browsers as per W3C recommendation. requestAnimationFrame() calls are paused in most browsers when running in background tabs or hidden <iframe>s in order to improve performance and battery life.")method and if the visible state is set to`true`,[`window.requestAnimationFrame`]16394 "You should call this method whenever you're ready to update your animation onscreen. This will request that your animation function be called before the browser performs the next repaint. The number of callbacks is usually 60 times per second, but will generally match the display refresh rate in most web browsers as per W3C recommendation. requestAnimationFrame() calls are paused in most browsers when running in background tabs or hidden <iframe>s in order to improve performance and battery life.")will be called as often as necessary. However, if the visible state is set to`false`,[`window.requestAnimationFrame`]16394 "You should call this method whenever you're ready to update your animation onscreen. This will request that your animation function be called before the browser performs the next repaint. The number of callbacks is usually 60 times per second, but will generally match the display refresh rate in most web browsers as per W3C recommendation. requestAnimationFrame() calls are paused in most browsers when running in background tabs or hidden <iframe>s in order to improve performance and battery life.")will be called only when there are free resources to do it.


## Syntax<a name="Syntax"></a>

```
instanceOfHTMLIframeElement.setVisible(visible);
```

### Returns<a name="Returns"></a>


Void.


### Parameters<a name="Parameters"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>`visible`</dt><dd>A[`Boolean`]4278 "The Boolean object is an object wrapper for a boolean value.")that indicates if the browser[`<iframe>`]24626 "The HTML Inline Frame element (<iframe>) represents a nested browsing context, effectively embedding another HTML page into the current page.")visible state is`true`or`false`.</dd></dl>
## Examples<a name="Specification"></a>

```
var browser = document.querySelector('iframe');

browser.setVisible(true);
```

## Specification<a name="Specification"></a>


Not part of any specification.


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>
[新的兼容性表格正在测试中<i></i>]3360 "")

 | <abbr>Desktop<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Mobile<i></i></abbr> 
 | <abbr>Chrome<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Internet Explorer<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Android webview<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Chrome for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Edge Mobile<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Firefox for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Opera for Android<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>iOS Safari<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>Samsung Internet<i></i></abbr> 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
Basic support<abbr>Non-standard<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>Full support</abbr>47<abbr>Notes<i></i></abbr> | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>No support</abbr>No | <abbr>?</abbr> 


### Legend<a name="Legend"></a>
<dl><dt id=''><abbr>Full support</abbr></dt><dd>Full support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>No support</abbr></dt><dd>No support</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Compatibility unknown</abbr></dt><dd>Compatibility unknown</dd><dt id=''><abbr>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>Non-standard. Expect poor cross-browser support.</dd><dt id=''><abbr>See implementation notes.<i></i></abbr></dt><dd>See implementation notes.</dd></dl>


## See also<a name="See_also"></a>

* [Using the Browser API]27593 "/en-US/docs/WebAPI/Browser")



