---
manual:CSS
version:0
lang:zh
rawUrl:https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Selectors#Basic_selectors
---





**CSS selectors**define the elements to which a set of CSS rules apply.


## Simple selectors<a name="Simple_selectors"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Type selector]32673 "")</dt><dd>Selects all elements that match the given node name.<br></br>**Syntax:**`<var>eltname</var>`<br></br>**Example:**`input`will match any[`<input>`]17158 "The HTML <input> element is used to create interactive controls for web-based forms in order to accept data from the user.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[Class selector]32674 "")</dt><dd>Selects all elements that have the given`class`attribute.<br></br>**Syntax:**`.<var>classname</var>`<br></br>**Example:**`.index`will match any element that has a class of &quot;index&quot;.</dd><dt id=''>[ID selector]32675 "")</dt><dd>Selects an element based on the value of its`id`attribute. There should be only one element with a given ID in a document.<br></br>**Syntax:**`#<var>idname</var>`<br></br>**Example:**`#toc`will match the element that has the ID &quot;toc&quot;.</dd><dt id=''>[Universal selector]32676 "")</dt><dd>Selects all elements. Optionally, it may be restricted to a specific namespace or to all namespaces.<br></br>**Syntax:**`*``ns|*``*|*`<br></br>**Example:**`*`will match all the elements of the document.</dd><dt id=''>[Attribute selector]32677 "")</dt><dd>Selects elements based on the value of the given attribute.<br></br>**Syntax:**`[attr]``[attr=value]``[attr~=value]``[attr|=value]``[attr^=value]``[attr$=value]``[attr*=value]`<br></br>**Example:**`[autoplay]`will match all elements that have the`autoplay`attribute set (to any value).</dd></dl>
## Combinators<a name="Combinators"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Adjacent sibling combinator]32678 "")</dt><dd>The`+`combinator selects adjacent siblings. This means that the second element directly follows the first, and both share the same parent.<br></br>**Syntax:**`<var>A</var>+<var>B</var>`<br></br>**Example:**`h2 + p`will match all[`<p>`]13089 "The HTML <p> element represents a paragraph of text.")elements that directly follow an[`<h2>`]12535 "Heading elements implement six levels of document headings, <h1> is the most important and <h6> is the least. A heading element briefly describes the topic of the section it introduces. Heading information may be used by user agents, for example, to construct a table of contents for a document automatically.").</dd><dt id=''>[General sibling combinator]32679 "")</dt><dd>The`~`combinator selects siblings. This means that the second element follows the first (though not necessarily immediately), and both share the same parent.<br></br>**Syntax:**`<var>A</var>~<var>B</var>`<br></br>**Example:**`p ~ span`will match all[`<span>`]13247 "The HTML <span> element is a generic inline container for phrasing content, which does not inherently represent anything. It can be used to group elements for styling purposes (using the class or id attributes), or because they share attribute values, such as lang.")elements that follow a[`<p>`]13089 "The HTML <p> element represents a paragraph of text.").</dd><dt id=''>[Child combinator]32680 "")</dt><dd>The`>`combinator selects nodes that are direct children of the first element.<br></br>**Syntax:**`<var>A</var>><var>B</var>`<br></br>**Example:**`ul > li`will match all[`<li>`]12761 "The HTML <li> element is used to represent an item in a list. It must be contained in a parent element: an ordered list (<ol>), an unordered list (<ul>), or a menu (<menu>). In menus and unordered lists, list items are usually displayed using bullet points. In ordered lists, they are usually displayed with an ascending counter on the left, such as a number or letter.")elements that are nested directly inside a[`<ul>`]13566 "The HTML <ul> element represents an unordered list of items, typically rendered as a bulleted list.")element.</dd><dt id=''>[Descendant combinator]32681 "")</dt><dd>The``(space) combinator selects nodes that are descendants of the first element.<br></br>**Syntax:**`A B`<br></br>**Example:**`div span`will match all[`<span>`]13247 "The HTML <span> element is a generic inline container for phrasing content, which does not inherently represent anything. It can be used to group elements for styling purposes (using the class or id attributes), or because they share attribute values, such as lang.")elements that are inside a[`<div>`]24289 "The HTML Content Division element (<div>) is the generic container for flow content. It has no effect on the content or layout until styled using CSS.")element.</dd></dl>
## Pseudo-classes<a name="Pseudo-classes"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Pseudo-classes]29702 "")allow the selection of elements based on state information that is not contained in the document tree.</dt><dd>**Example:**`a:visited`will match all[`<a>`]24205 "The HTML <a> element (or anchor element) creates a hyperlink to other web pages, files, locations within the same page, email addresses, or any other URL.")elements that have been visited by the user.</dd></dl>
## Pseudo-elements<a name="Pseudo-elements"></a>
<dl><dt id=''>[Pseudo-elements]3563 "")represent entities that are not included in HTML.</dt><dd>**Example:**`p::first-line`will match the first line of all[`<p>`]13089 "The HTML <p> element represents a paragraph of text.")elements.</dd></dl>
## Specifications<a name="Specifications"></a>

Specification | Status | Comment 
 ---  |  ---  |  ---  | 
[Selectors Level 4]32682 "The 'Selectors Level 4' specification") | Working Draft |  
[Selectors Level 3]32683 "The 'Selectors Level 3' specification") | Recommendation |  
[CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)]32684 "The 'CSS Level 2 (Revision 1)' specification") | Recommendation |  
[CSS Level 1]29422 "The 'CSS Level 1' specification") | Recommendation | Initial definition. 


## Browser compatibility<a name="Browser_compatibility"></a>


**[We&#39;re converting our compatibility data into a machine-readable JSON format]3344 "")**. This compatibility table still uses the old format, because we haven&#39;t yet converted the data it contains.**[Find out how you can help!]3409 "")**


* 
* 

Feature | Chrome | Firefox (Gecko) | Internet Explorer | Opera | Safari 
Basic support | 1 | 1.0 (1.7 or earlier) | 3.0 | 3.5 | 1.0 






